If you enjoy service by someone who is as competent as he is personable, I would recommend Corey Kaplan highly. The time he has spent here has been very productive and working with him educational and enjoyable. I hope not to need him again (though this is highly unlikely) but knowing he is there if I do is very nice. By the way, I'm not from El Centro, CA. but Scottsdale, AZ.After being on the phone with Verizon Wireless trying to figure out why my phone wasn't working for 4.5 hours, I was put in touch with Sharpie Tech. Well, after 10 seconds they fixed the problem. As the owner of a company that does our best numbers over the holiday season, having my phone out of order for 4.5 hours was horrible. Sharpie Tech fixed the problem in record time, even Verizon was shocked. I highly recommend working with this company and I look forward to working with them more. 
-Rachel Charlupski
Founder and CEO, The Babysitting CompanyGreat service! Corey is very service oriented. Works fast and very effiecient with his time. Going to use him again real soon to do additional IT services. thanks Corey.Highly recommended. Went in yesterday looking for a dresser to use as a tv stand. Found the perfect piece for the retro look I'm going for. I found some other small decor items. Price was fair and they delivered today.  Shawn did a great job. Keep up the good work! I will definitely be back.I walked in here looking for a specific piece of furniture.  I didn't find it, but what I did find were so many things that I didn't even know I needed!  So much cool stuff here, go check it out!What a great place! Modern on Melrose has amazing furniture at great prices. I highly recommend and will be back when I am looking for new pieces.A hidden gem! Found a beautiful buffet for a great price. Whether you're looking for new or something to refurbish, this place is def worth the look!This place is a great for those vintage/mid century modern finds. From clothing to couches they have it all and great prices too.  They have similar items to their neighbors Modern Manor, but not the "designer" prices.  We got a green vintage chair for $98 and just are having the skirt around the bottom removed to show the great legs on it.  We will always check back at Melrose when looking for unique pieces for our home.This is the place to go for all your Mid Century finds.
We live in Oro Valley and it is not too far to travel when we need a specific item.
I called yesterday asking if they has something we need and minutes later I was text numerous pictures.  Because of the excellent staff, I will be going up there today.
One of my number one places to go when I go to Phoenix.
Prices are very fair for these past treasures.Great items at a good price.  Helpful, easy to deal with owners.  Just the sort of place you LIKE spending  your dollars at...and they have furniture, etc. that you don't see elsewhere.Disappointing.  I've been there twice hoping that a re-return would change my original opinion.  The first time I was there was on a Saturday, early afternoon in Spring.  I found it strange that I was the only one in the store for about 20 minutes, until another customer came in.  Melrose is usually a pretty happening place during the Spring before summer temps hit.  I saw a lot of nice 1960s furniture, mostly living room sets and home decor.  Prices were on the high end for, let's face it folks, used furniture. The blonde lady who came out to greet me after I made it to their second room (there are 3 rooms total) was frazzled and preoccupied with eating her lunch. So I went back again last week.  Didn't see the frazzled lady from before but a mid-age hipster guy at the counter who didn't have the time to greet me (sorry I disrupted your cell phone surfing).  Yep.  I was the ONLY person in the store and you obviously ignored me.  
It's just an unwelcoming place.  So much potential, but the attitude there is less than acceptable.  Will spend my $$$ elsewhere.I'm a local Real Estate agent and have fallen in love with all of the AMAZZZZZING Mid-Century Modern properties that the Phoenix and Tempe area have to offer. After listing and selling a few of these COOL homes I decided that I should be more familiar with a few MCM furniture shops that I could buy or lease a higher quality furniture. 
After going in a bunch of places I can say that I really love this store and cant wait to use them to stage my newest listing in a few months at 24th and Indian School.
Let me know if you need help finding a cool house with character to put your amazing finds from Modern on Melrose.
Enjoy
Steven
480-370-5570
stevenonmill@gmail.comModern on Melrose is one of our favorite shops on La Curva. It is on the pricey side (of an already pricey shopping experience) but I've had great success for two reasons:
First, the service has been excellent and friendly. We're new to the mcm scene and didn't get snubbed at for not being "in the know" -- sadly, this was a welcome relief. 
Second, the selection is good. Yeah, it's always a hunt, but at MOM you aren't going to be sifting through, basically, garbage to find your treasures. With most of the weeding done for you, the store is a much nicer visit.Walked into the store and stuck up a conversation with Shawn behind the counter. We talked about some furniture and other ideas I had for the home. I told him I needed a custom made shelf. Shawn asked some questions and then he sketched out a concept. I loved it. He then said Modern on Melrose has a man that does custom metal work. Three days later-it was done and it turned out better than I could have ever imagined.What a lovely place. My boyfriend and I went along with my parents (who love mid century modern furniture) just to look as I am moving soon and can't buy any furniture until I relocate, but this shop made me want to move to downtown Phoenix and fill my house with everything in this shop. My thrift-genius parents taught me to buy antique furniture and never ever ever buy new, as new furniture is expensive to buy and cheaply made. Modern on Melrose is fantastic proof of this - my boyfriend fell in love with a yellow leather and wood 70s couch and noticed that this beautiful couch cost less than a couch our friend recently bought at IKEA. And no one is going to buy IKEA couches in antique stores 40 years from now, because they barely last 1 move. 
Everything in this store is gorgeous and there is a great variety of furniture and random decor goods. We ended up buying some great stacking canisters as a gift, and the very helpful employee dashed back to the area we got them and told us they were 40% off. We debated keeping the canisters because they were as affordable as they were quirky and useful and interestingly designed, but the Christmas spirit prevailed and we decided to give them to their original recipient.
The same employee discussed style and furniture things with my father in a very helpful and absolutely non pretentious way, which is a refreshing and fun element of any antique store. I always want to talk to the employees but very often feel they are too busy or want to sound smarter than me (which they are, but I'm not buying anything if the person I'm giving money to makes me feel stupid). I was very struck by how open and helpful the employee was. Great experience. Great selection. Great prices.Unfortunately, Yelp does not allow negative stars. I was very much looking forward to going to Modern on Melrose as my sister had raved about the selection and several purchases she recently made here. I was all set to help her select more furniture for her new home until I experienced a combination of disbelief, shock and horror. 
I was inside the store when I heard a man loudly say "If you're going to start a sale, finish it!" It took a few more seconds of loud voices before I realized an argument was taking place between two employees and not two customers, as I initially thought. The male and female employee continued to loudly argue, back and forth. Feeling very uncomfortable, I started to look for my sister. There were about four other customers and we all ended up outside as we all felt very uncomfortable in the store. 
As I was walking out of the store to go out back, I heard the male employee say, in a tone that was beyond anger but instead violent, "Don't you ever tell me to shut up! Ever!" Shortly after, he walked past all 5 female customers, who had gathered out back, turned to us and angrily said "Bitch!" Not knowing what he was going to do when he returned, we decided to leave as we did not feel safe. 
It is one thing to feel uncomfortable, it is completely unacceptable to not feel safe. The interaction between the two employees was the most unprofessional thing I have ever witnessed. The male and female employee were so caught up in their own negative interaction, neither of them offered any customer service. And after their argument ended, the female employee offered no apologies and still no customer service. 
Today was my first and last time in Modern on Melrose. How terribly sad for this store. I sincerely hope the owners get a handle on this and educate their employees as to what it and isn't acceptable behavior.Favorite vintage store I have been in. I have been going to a lot lately looking for midcentury furniture that won't empty out my bank account. Happened to drive by this place and decided to take a look. I got a 3 piece coffee table and side tables set for 60 bucks. Can't beat that. The lady working I completely loved! She was helpful and let me know what kind of stuff will be coming in. This will be a weekly stop for me. 
If you are looking for awesome vintage furniture in good shape this is the place to go. They know their stuff. A lot of awesome lamps and boomerang coffee tables. It is a must visit.
update: seems like items are getting higher and higher. style has changed a bit. still nice stuff if you wanna empty your bank account. no longer a weekly stop but i will still  stop by.I stumbled upon Modern on Melrose earlier in the week in my search for bedroom furniture. I had been a a few other shops but nothing caught my eye. When I walked in I knew immediately that I was in the right place.
The store is very well curated unlike many other vintage/antique shops. I spent a few minutes looking around (I don't like to be bothered right away when I come in to a store). Cynthia greeted me warmly and I asked her to help me pick out some bedroom furniture. She asked me about my style preferences and showed me around. She noted what I liked and didn't like and made informed recommendations. It took me all of ten minutes to pick out the furniture I wanted. Cynthia actually asked me if I wanted to take some time to consider my purchase (not pushy at all!) and I told her I loved everything and I wanted to take delivery as soon as possible.
I then asked Cynthia to help me find a pair of lamps for the bed side tables I purchased. This time around I wasn't really loving anything but she took the time again to show me around and listen to my input. 
Another reviewer mentioned that their pieces are pricy and that could not be further from the truth. I had found some lower end shops that did not have the quality I was looking for and I also found some very high end shops. Modern on Melrose has excellent prices and the quality to back it up. I was pleasantly surprised by the value they provide.
I was able to have my furniture delivered the next day and I'm loving my new (old) furniture. I highly recommend you check them out!Overall, I'll never go back. Rewinding to the reason of my conclusion: messy racks, bad choice on jewelry, no focus on fits whatsoever, no pricing consistency, and paint-scraping help from the hired help (owner of Red). I felt like I was bothering someone instead of shopping. 
I recommend Retro Ranch, Fashion by Robert Black, France's or the new Vintage shop next to Hula's and Lola Coffee on Central Ave.I love Mint, and even though I'm a guy and there isn't much for me there, it's a great place for gifts for the lucky gals in my life.  It's definitely worth checking out, despite what the other reviewers have said so far.I read the reviewer before me and checked things out for myself.  I don't know about the size 0-4 comment because I found 3 dresses all over size 8 and some great necklaces all very reasonably priced.  Rumor has it the day to go is Sunday or Monday, which is when more things are added to the inventory.  I also left my name and email because I was looking for a vintage Chanel bag and I got an email when they got one.  I can't afford to shop on the furniture side of the store but I've found a lot of great funky things at mint.Hmmm, what to say about Mint.
Okay, if you are a girl and looking for clothes here, I'd say pass. Unless of course you have a tiny waste and are maybe a size 0-4 on a good day. If you are looking for funky earrings, it might be worth a stop, but the majority of their earring inventory was kinda weird and a little too 80's inspired for my retro taste. If you are looking for stellar quality (and priced accordingly) funky retro furniture, then definitely pop in here as their selection is really cool and there were a ton of pieces that I easily would have purchased. As for the rest, I'd say hit this store up every once in again and see what they have to offer and if they start carrying bigger sizes in dresses, lemme know :)I like this Vintage/New shop.  I think they need to do something about getting new (vintage) items in more frequently there are things still there from visiting almost a year ago.  Overall I have bought some great finds there and will most definately go back.I remember really enjoying browsing through Mint (and their furniture friends Red) before, I love mid-century Modern (but what casually reading Dwell but highlighting Ikea pseudo-art bitch DOESN'T?) , I like interesting jewelry, I think the space is really intense, like I am in a dream of some sort.
But I went recently...and I just didn't like it. Sure, these are collectible pieces, goregous condition, the space is well cared for, I don't expect to afford these museum worthy pieces, especially at 11grand for a chair and ottoman (oh god, I hope the ottoman was included in that price....), but the affordable pieces of bracelets, earrings, clothing...um, it was a lot of the same items I saw here over a year ago...actually more like TWO years ago.....so, the inventory isn't very turnovering or fresh...so I guess Mint isn't so fresh?
Overall, I was underwhelmed, I didn't feel particularly welcomed either time I was here, and the stock continues to center on polyster 70s clothing and BCBG tops (?) making an uneven style feel and chilly ambiance.  
Definitely not worth a stop.The vintage 1930 beaded earrings are still calling to me.  I can hear them.  Knowing I saw similar ones being sold for $15 at Cost Plus vs the $60 for the vintage ones helps a little - but not much.  
Very cute vintage accessories and clothing.  I almost teared up seeing a super cool crinoline like the one I had in high school.  (Yea, sometimes I was that girl.  We're moving on...)  Really great stuff.  A bit high priced, but not when you consider it's quality. Everything they had was great.  It didn't feel like estate sale shopping, ya know?
Then there's the other 1/2 of the store that is an art gallery.  Somehow it just works.  Here the prices were extremely reasonable.  Some really great stuff too.  
It's behind much of the Roosevelt Row stops, just a bit behind Holgas.  Cool, yet approachable.Well.. Well...well..Ive been highly recomended to check this place out, now that I had a chance to see what the hype was all about. I can see for myself that they had very cool pieces of funiture and retroesque clothes. Very impressed up until I asked for some help and questions, and thats were the place lost its apeal. I was quickly imformed that they delt with very high end resorts and hotels, and as for myself adding these pieces in my store would not be a good idea.I think coming in would be a great experiece for someone to see bad service at its finest.Red's merchandise is amazing. Mint's left a little to be desired...ok alot to be desired. Alright, cranky service be damned (now this is a store within a store. it is all the same service for both. it is  just that Red's merchandise is so untouchable (literally even! "do not sit" signs abound) that you almost feel like you deserve the treatment because your lusting after, yet can not afford their wares)..... I have ventored into this spot appx twice a year since it has opened. Why am I still starring at the same clothing? I know my sticky fingers have not picked up a frock I could not live without but then I figured it was because I am  both cheap and picky. A hard to please combo. Seriously though, I have been starring at the same stuff for years now. Boring.I have been consistently underwhelmed by this place since I moved to the hood a year ago. With so many great vintage spots and local boutiques so close why should anyone make the stop at this over priced and under-friendly place? Your lucky if you get so much as a "Hi!" here. The vintage clothes are so so and I have been looking at some of the same ones for over a year now. Go to the 7th avenue shops if you want a fun and friendly vintage experience.I highly doubt anyone uses Yelp to find a place like this, but figured I'd write them a review because WSP rocks!
Anyone in the Phoenix area with a need for any type of specialty fuel...look no further.  Personally I use them to purchase methanol for a water/meth injection kit I have in my car, and their prices are literally the lowest I've seen in the country for methanol.  Paid $3.49/gal today.  In addition to methanol, they sell every type of fuel, oil, lubricant you can imagine.  Race fuel, AvGas, E85.....etc
And different from lots of other industrial-type places, everyone that works here is incredibly helpful and nice.This place is great!  I first came here to fuel up my old Mercedes on B99.  Even though I live in East Mesa, I would attempt to get there as often as possible, as they are the only place in the valley that will pump B99.  The staff is always friendly and helpful.  The only complaint I have is that their hours make it difficult for me to get fuel.  I understand this, however, as most of their business is from bulk specialty fuel sales, not B99 fill ups.  In response to Sara U, you really have nothing to worry about for getting 5 gallons of E85.  Your car is already running on 5-10% ethanol every time you fill up with unleaded.  I wouldn't do it on a regular basis, but it is not like you put diesel in a gas vehicle or vise versa.   Just fill up with regular unleaded, then have somebody clear your check engine light for you.  It will probably throw a code about the O2 sensor, not because it is broken, but because the oxygen content of the E85 is higher.  It shouldn't come back on.  And no, I don't work there.  I'm just a scientist who knows a thing or two about fuel!Dave S can kiss my heini .. I called them to ask if they fuel up regular unleaded gas before going down there and they said yes. They need to inform their customers correctly and label their tanks in addition so it's obvious what they are actually putting into your vehicle. By the way Dave, they put UNLEADED REGULAR fuel (not biofuel) in my tank to dilute the E85 (duh) after they realized they made the mistake. My service engine light has now come on thanks to these idiots.
You obviously work there Dave. Get your facts right.This place is a area staple! Been around for years and not much has changed - I see this as a good thing! Stable and reliable!
My family goes every year for St. Pattys Day corn beef! Very nice place for a bar night dinner, or to catch up with some friends over drinks!Got my mojo back after having a few of their appetite teasers. Love LPW for a no-frills bite to eat.Don't go here for the decor, but the staff is friendly and the fried pickles are very tasty.  Good value.I believe in awarding stars bearing in mind the type of restaurant reviewed. 
One can tell by the name that LPW won't replace Ohio's lost Maisonette restaurant in Cincy any time soon, nor does it aspire to do so, but for a sports-bar type venue, these folks do it all right, and do so at the right price!
Stopped for lunch on a Saturday.
The lady got a cheeseburger and fries, I got scrod and broccoli, we split an order of their fried pickles as an app.
The pickles were dill spears coated with just the right amount of what was likely a beer batter and deep fried to tangy perfection.
They got the spears vs. chips decision right!
The lady usually looks askew at this type of fare, but happily camped out over the plate and ate her fair share! 
And here's the kicker they were under four bucks! 
Kudos Mr. Pickle; you done good!
The fries were very lightly battered and done perfectly, with just the right amount of crispness outside followed by a creamy interior, ... the fry guy here knows his craft!
And the burger was good as well.. ...typical of the genre.  
I find it difficult to fawn excessively over  a burger.
The scrod was a very generous sized portion, nicely caramelized and served with lemon and butter and perfectly done.
When I was given the option of fries or baked potato or rice I asked if there were a green option and broccoli was offered, it was done perfectly as well and the amount was easily enough for two to share.
My dinner came with a salad, which happily WAS NOT from a bag-o-lettuce, but rather freshly cut romaine, a cuke slice or two, carrot shreds and tomato, and it was accompanied by a store bought dinner roll and butter.
The service was quite good, although the waitress appeared to be a bit over-extended, but that's a management issue, not the server's fault.
Happily they are in the Cleveland Entertainment book, and as I had the coupon sitting on the table during the meal, the waitress took the value off of the ticket before it was even presented!
I'm all for efficiency, especially when it affects how quickly I can get out of a restaurant.
That move garnered the fifth star!
We both stated that we will go back in a heartbeat!If you like fried food and laid back, then this is the place for you.  Nothing that will blow your mind, but the people are great, the restaurant is laid back and casual and the food, while not very creative, is cooked well, presented well and the prices are not ridiculous.THE CLASSIC BURGER IS AMAZING.  It's definitely a top ten burger. The fries are good too.I was not impressed with how gross this place is - I wasn't sure I wanted to order anything. The food was not outstanding. I think I would go across the street to the Tavern!!Okay bar food. Nice bar setting but food is average, service is average and in general doesn't really art itself apart in anything. Would I go there again? Probably if I'm in the area. Would I go out of my way to go there or make note of it to others? Probably not vegetable soup was good though and wings were fairly priced.Was boozin and cruisin with my canine comrade. Went all the way out to Hudson via Brecksville/82. Looking for anything to Yelp. Nothing. Not even in the strip mall I used to hit in Hudson on my dry cleaning route back in the day. There was a deli, but it opened at fucking 11! Who even wants to go to a deli after 11? Weak. Breezed through Peninsula. Winking Lizard? Bah. Ended up backtracking through Brecksville and I remembered an old friend. London Pickle Works! Was it still there some four years after I stopped in while house shopping? Yup. Incidentally, investing in a condo down there probably would have made more sense than buying a house in Lakewood. Live and learn.
Cozied up to the bar and ordered a Killians, plus cheesesteak to go(for pooch). Like the Unicorn, food was amazingly done before I could chug my brew. I could get used to this kind of service. The bar was all old men. Matt, I don't know how you do it. They were watching Fox news for chrissakes!! Total was eight dollars! Holy shit. I dropped a three dollar tip on that barmaid's ass. How could I not? A real meal at fast food prices, at fast food speed, served by someone not under house arrest with work privileges. Busted open the styro box. Big sandwich with mushrooms, onions, cheez and beef sliced so thin I swear it was a Steak'um. I never ate those as a kid, but I remember one time my friend had one in his bedroom where we were playing NES. He didn't want it, so we threw it all around the room. Fries were awesome. Also got a pickle. That's eight dollars with the beer, just to recap. Great value, nice location, old men. I won't wait four more years to come back.Alright, i was about to give it 3 stars bc it's not that great, but it's super cheap... wait, but it's kinda filthy too, so umm, 3, final answer.  The food is edible, but a bum could afford to eat here, so i mean, it sure beats eating out of a dumpster.  Cheap brews, cheaper food.  I think the building is made out of iron, my phone practically turns off whenever I go inside.Okay, so it is a bar with an old fashioned family restaurant attached. We were there almost 2 hours for the Tuesday night burger special. They need more staff. The table was a little sticky. However, the food was delicious. The French fries were nice and crispy, and the Half pound burger didn't taste like a pre-made frozen patty. Our total bill was $15.30 for 2 meals and 2 Cokes. We'll definitely go back.3 stars is fair for this pub. 
The food is good and well priced for a bar. 
Tuesday has $5 burgers and chicken sandwiches. 
The pecan pie is good for dessert. 
I got the chicken dinner, it came with a 6 oz chicken, broccoli, steamed potatoes, salad, and roll. It was ok. I'd stick with the burgers though. The salad was fresh. 
Their fries are really good.Unmmmm, no. It's a bar with tables in the next room. It's feels grungy. Service was good, food, not so much. Praying I don't get sick!
Everything tasted like it came from a can! Nothing fresh or tasty about it. 
Guess who won't be back?Have dined in twice now and today was take out for corned beef sandwich. I don't know why I keep thinking this place is going to change. Food is at best "ok". The inside is a dive needs some serious updating. This would be ok if this place was a hidden dive bar with amazing food- not the case.
Today's lunch- puke. Dry corned beef, probably the worst I ever have had. 
Lession learned never returning.This place is very dark and dingy on the inside. It is the cliche of townie bar. The food was just okay but the drinks were super cheap and the service was good.This small tavern, has great burgers and the best fries within 100 miles!  It's simple, unpretentious, and the folks are mellow and ready to accommodate their customers.  I understand they added music on the weekend and will surely check it out on the weekend.The food is typical.  Wait how much was my meal... Then that food is awesome!  Very friendly atmosphere.  Prompt service.  Diner/Bar type place with no particular theme.  (Sorry if there is an attempted theme.  I didn't see it.)  Not a foodie spot or hidden gem, but something about this place just feels... nice.
Side note: My apologies for my complete unintentional dine and dash.  Wrong card.  Also sorry to the other guest whose bill I signed for them.There'a a reason that everyone loves this place; it's your typical neighborhood bar in the evening (it's typically middle-aged locals, not a rowdy crowd) but it's also a great place to grab a nice meal with your family during the day. They also have a fish fry every Friday during Lent. The food is really good for bar food, and it's very reasonably priced. Obviously, this is not five star fine dining, but if you're looking for a cheap and inviting place to hang out with friends and family, this is a great place, and the food is great for what it is.Not particularly good. Bathroom is nasty. Food decent. Terrible cell phone signal and no WiFi. Probably won't return.Went here last Friday for dinner very disappointed!  Waited for ever for someone to tell us to seat ourselves and then waited forever for the waitress to come over it seemed they were very busy gossiping at the counter.  Food was so-so nothing special the salads good use cheese served very plain.  Better restaurants nearby.I can't give this palce 5 stars because hell, its just not a 5 star place.  But it's the Pickle!  If ever in Brecksville stop over at the neighborhood bar for cheap, quality food (you get what you pay for though), a typical old bar atmosphere, free popcorn, and sit in chairs that I swear haven't changed since I was 5.  The place is awesome, I'm there every weekend.Great prices.   Good food. Typical fare: burgers chicken, fish, etc  Really friendly and eccentric staff. This place is a keeper.   Try the hot pickle. I buy them and use them in bloody marys.Neighborhood bar, with the friendliness that comes with it.  Also the quality of food you would expect. Family friendly.We came here for dinner to celebrate my friends Birthday.  The restaurant itself is beautiful and the service is incredible but for some reason I felt like something was missing.  The food was decent but way over priced.  I guess for the money we paid I was expecting something else.  Overall it was a nice evening and my friend had fun so thats all that matters right?Ah, Khotan... I knew you when (SIGH) you were something different.... a perfect blend of Asia's decor and food... and how far you have fallen since that time. While I still appreciate your service and your stunning looks, I am surprised by what has happened to your menu... sorry looking sashimi (though the uni was a standout... shouts out to Santa Barbara!!), uninspired hot foods (kung pao shrimp at $21? For real?? ).... even the drinks are sorry in comparison to what once was.... SIGH.  Perhaps this is why you are closing your doors from November 30th through January 3rd (Seriously? During one of the busiest times of the year in Vegas!?) At least you still have your Treasure Island pirate show, which will always be a sight to behold. Perhaps you should visit what you once were (read: Social House at Crystals) and reclaim your glorious days. Until then, I will continue to hold onto hope that you will find your spotlight (or at least a better menu) once again.Khotan sucks as a place to eat. The girls and I went to this place for "Dinner" but really all we got was appetizers. We went during happy hour so it was suppose to be cheaper, but it don't mean the size is bigger. I ordered some spicy tuna and it was $7 for like a tiny portion that didn't do anything for me at all. The roll were so tiny it was about the size of a quarter and I got four of those. BOO times 2. The only reason this place got two stars out of me was the bartender. They both were entertaining and he gave us some drinks for free. Atmosphere is really not impressive either.My boyfriend and I decided to go resturant hunting on our visit in LV for our 1 year anniversary..we didnt have a spot in mind but on our many, many, many walks on the strip we found Khotan. 
So I decided to call and make a reservation since I didnt know whether it was a forsure spot we would get in for dinner. *WHICH I DO RECOMMEND, BTW!* We got there and were greeted and waited in the longue/bar area..it was def cute, we were soon taken to our seats in the patio area (which i also do recommend esp if you come around the 9 o' clock time frame for the pirates show.) OMG, when were going up there are beautiful gold deposit boxes all around then you hit the patio/seating area and you get a great view of the strip AND the pirate show..feels  like the fireworks are going to hit you haha.
The food was great, me and my bf def recommend the chicken lollipops for a appetizer (get two bc i could finish that whole plate if i didnt have to share with my bf HAHAHA). You def wont regret it, I ordered the Khotan Beef plate and it was actually good! I wish it did have a little more but I was full forsure. My boyfriend had the Orange chicken plate I believe and he enjoyed that plate as well although he did wish he had more food on there...just b/c hes def a fattie. haha
Overall, great place for some pan Asian food, GREAT SERVICE btw!, great views, free show of the pirate show w/o the bussling of the crowds, patio seating is great and def a great overall resturant in vegas.***for lounge only****
Maybe I like this place only because my friend and I stumbled upon this place during happy hour.  Oh the two best words ever.  We ordered from the cocktail happy hour and I got some cranberry concoction (don't remember the name) and my friend had the asian pear.  I liked mine since it's tart as I like it but my friend didn't care for it. She did love her asian pear though since it was pretty sweet.  We were going to have dinner so we didn't splurge on appetizers but the couple next to us took advantage of the happy hour prices.  I took a peek and it looked like it was good since they ate every bite of their sushi rolls.  Bartender was really nice as well.  Noted, maybe on a weekend this place is poppin' but I enjoyed the quietness in the busy Vegas atmosphere on a Thursday night.I love the decor and vibe of Khotan. A little hard to find at first but once you enter, it's worth the search. I really liked the safe deposit boxes in the entryway - made for some cute pictures. 
Food: Yum! I think it *may* be hit or miss based on reading other reviews but we chose wisely. Here's what I liked:
Spicy tuna roll - just enough spice, quality fish
Curry noodles - love the curry they used, definitely singaporean. big shrimps. 
Ginger chicken with broccoli - a lighter option with clean flavors.
Service: Great! Our sever recommended his favorite drinks and was helpful answering questions about the food.
This would be a great date spot. I'll be back to enjoy the atmosphere :)Worst sushi rolls ever -- the shape and size of a box of Tic Tacs with chewy rice and a rectangular layer of raw fish on the top. Bland, difficult to eat. We were hoping it was the same chef as Social House (restaurant at what is now Khotan's spot) because there was a jalapeno yellowtail sashimi on the menu (like the amazing one we'd had at Social House two years ago). The jalapeno yellowtail sashimi was actually excellent. The rest of the meal was totally downhill. When we started walking upstairs to get our table, the maitre 'd called out, "Watch your step because if you fall, I'd have to laugh at you."
So, they can't make sushi and they have some clueless staffers too. Don't waste your time or if you insist on going, try the hot foods versus the sushi rolls.My girlfriend and I stayed at TI and we were looking for an easy dinner one night, so we decided to stroll into Khotan.  Meh...
I wouldn't say the food was bad, but it wasn't good.  I think the best word to describe it would be: amateurish.  It would be hard to believe that they had real sushi chefs in the kitchen, or that they used high quality fish.  Some of the fish didn't taste like anything!  No taste!
The service was pretty good, but our waiter didn't seem to know much about fish.
Don't waste your money on the Jalepeno Hamachi appetizer.  I don't know how anyone could have the nerve to charge $22 for 5 tiny pieces low grade Hamachi (if it even was Hamachi) on a chip.  The Tuna Tartare wasn't that great either...  I've had better hors d'oeuvres at weddings.
The concept of the Salmon Parmesan roll sounded good, but when eating it, the Parmesan didn't make sense.  I was in the mood for noodles, so we also ordered the Crab Lo Mein.  It was basically ramen noodles with a few pieces of tasteless crab on top.  I could've made ramen noodles and topped it with imitation crab for about $2 and it would have been just as good, or better, than their $14 dish.I was extremely excited to visit this restuarant since I"d been planning my reservation there for weeks, thanks to a smart groupon buy.  I have to say our seating was amazing out on the scenic deck.  However, I do have to say, that the food was blah.  I ordered the Salt and Pepper Prawns and the waiter expressed to me that they had a few shells underneath HOWEVER the Prawns came whole, fried with shells and eyes.  I mentioned that I was expecting a few shells but couldn't eat through these,,,he said well, I told you that it came with shells and half-heartely offered to recook them.  This only after the plate had been sitting for twenty minutes.  He avoided our table like the plague as I could tell he could clearly see I was NOT eating.  AT the end he offered a free dessert but by that time it was a little too late for me.  I don't like to compare high end asian restaurant to PF CHANGs but on this night PF would win.  Try The GRand Wok in the MGM grand.Only 4 stars because of the expense--without our $55 Groupon, our meal for two, including one large house sake, would have been over $100.
However, even if we hadn't had the Groupon, it would have been WELL worth the money. What a find!! The decor is gorgeous, we were waited on by two attentive garcons (sat at the sushi bar so chatted with the sushi chefs as well), and the menu is extremely creative and--most importantly--DELICIOUS. 
Our waiter recommended the yellowtail appetizer with tempura jalepenos in a light, yummy sauce and WOW was he right. We both "mm'd" through our whole meal, starting right from the tasty beginning. 
Every piece of sushi (we got the large maki for dinner so we received about 20 pieces of sushi) was fresh, generous and absolutely fantastic. 
By the time we finished our large dinner order we were almost full, but definitely not ready to stop eating! We each ordered another round of nigiri--my boyfriend got tuna and I got salmon, YUM!
What a hidden gem...thanks to Groupon for helping us find this one! We will DEFINITELY be returning next time we're in Vegas.Sushi was very average and very expensive with no wow factor. Tasted just "bleh". Miso soup was very salty and ginger salad was made from a lot of weird lettuce that was not cut small and difficult to eat. Took a long time to get the salad. We asked to sit on the balcony to watch the show and they gave us a table at the backside so we couldn't see. Service was barely ok and kept making excuses why it was taking so long.A Superficial place in Treasure Island, trying too hard to be upscale, however, the food quality does not meet its price tag, which is way overly priced.  Fast food quality, price higher than TAO, go figure. Staff also try too hard and gets annoying. No wonder their business is not good at all. TI is not an upscale place to visit either...I can't say from my experience that I understand the mediocre reviews for Khotan. My wife and I thoroughly enjoyed our meal. We didn't have the sushi and stuck to mainstream pekinese type dishes; lettuce wraps, edamame (ok, they're Japaneze), lobster curry and sweet&sour chicken, all of which were fresh and tasty. 
I suspect this place may suffer from an expectations standpoint. It is not that expensive, we paid approaching twice the price at Jasmine two nights before for a similar quality meal. I am going to brutally honest here and suggest what is expensive to a TI guest is not the same to a Bellagio one ( we are neither by the way). 
Give this place a try. We really liked it.Like several other reviewers, I went to Khotan because a friend had a Groupon and we of course waited until the last minute to use it.
I checked out the menu before going and was really scared.  It really looked like a Panda Express menu with such exotic choices as sweet and sour chicken, orange chicken, and beef and broccoli.  Authentic, Khotan is not. But, hey, it's food and we had a coupon.
The decor inside is really wonderful, with really interesting jade statues, ivory carvings, and a wall of gold, vault-like boxes. A++ for effort there.
We were seated outside and it was  a nice night.  But, seriously, that Sirens show is craptastic and if you're not a fan, sit inside.
We ordered Khotan lobster, chicken lo mein, brown rice, and a tempura platter.  The sauce in the Khotan lobster is great, but, gasp, it's $36. The chicken lo mein was "eh," very boring and the chicken was slightly overcooked. The tempura platter was delicious but anything fried always is.  I'm conflicted because I generally liked the execution, food, and service, but it was such a boring menu I'd probably never go back.  If you want expensive Panda Express-esque food with a strip view, however, this is your place.We stumbled upon khotan by pure laziness...We were watching the TI show (wow...not kid friendly anymore) and gambled a little before we started getting some hunger pangs.  So we wandered a little bit and saw the downstairs opening for this place.  We thought it was a small casual place and had no idea it was considered upscale dining.
The host greeted us then talked into his ear radio....He then escorted us to the elevator and sent us up.  We were then greeted by another host and seated in the bar area since it was a quiet sunday night.  We just needed a few bites to eat so we could make our flight without starving.
Started off w. some edamame (the norm, nothing crazy) then we shared chicken lollipops (not bad), kobe sliders (looked dry but were actually moist), gai lan side dish (cant go wrong w/ veggies) and a noodle dish (don't remember which but it was dry dry dry and super chewy/tough rice noodles...terrible).
It was just a spot we ended up at due to convenience of it's location...right in front of us as we were about to give up looking...
Food was good but not memorable. (well except the super awful noodle dish)The restaurant was pretty slick, great atmosphere and a really cool patio. If you happen to go for dinner the pirate show is pretty cool since you are watching it from the back side of the boats. The Edamame was really buttery and apps were spot on. The drinks were great, and my ginger mojito was really refreshing after a long day on my feet. 
The reason this wasn't a 4 star was because my diner was rather salty and not much better than something I would get at my local Chinese take out place. The food was so so, but the drinks, app and atmosphere were great.  
Worth a visit and they frequently have Groupons and happy hour specials.We used a Groupon to try out this restaurant in TI.  We sat at a table on the patio to watch the 8pm Sirens show.  
Pros:
- nice patio with misters and adequate seating.  Good location to see the show (even if the show is GOD AWFUL- but I won't rate this place according to the show.  My eyes were bleeding after watching it.)
- decent variety of food selections and full bar
- decor and ambience were pretty nice
Cons:
- food was overpriced for the quality.  I had the Teriyaki chicken, which was dry.  California Roll appetizer was dry and fell apart.  The lettuce wraps were decent appetizers, as was the tempura platter.  We ordered a lot of food and were really underwhelmed.  
- service was uninspired and our waitress looked really annoyed to have to walk to our table, which was located a bit out of the way.  She disappeared for a bit while we ate and my husband had to go to the kitchen to get more soy sauce.  We eventually had to call out the Mgr to ask for service, and things got better after that.  He was very apologetic and checked in to make sure things were OK.  
I think if we hadn't had the Groupon, we would have not come here.  Without the Groupon, we would have spent the $200 elsewhere and received much better quality food and service.  I suppose it might be worth it to come and try the lounge area during happy hour.I ate at Khotan tonight with my husband, sister-in-law and her husband. We were there to use our Groupons before they expired.The service was really good. So was the lighting. We ordered the sliders, Tom Yum with chicken and the crispy asparagus to start. The sliders were pretty darn tasty with a side of pickled ginger that our server recommended. The Tom Yum was really good too. The asparagus came out ice cold. They brought us another one, but it still wasn't great hot. The coating is way too thick. We all agreed that they use Rice Krispies for the "fry."
For dinner, we ordered the Pad Thai (awesome), Khotan beef (decent), and crispy walnut shrimp. All of us like walnut shrimp from Ping Pang Pong and China Mama. We were expecting it to be hot. It was cold. Apparently, that's the way they serve this dish - fried cold shrimp. Once we knew, it wasn't that bad on the bed of vinegary salad. Just wasn't what we were expecting.
Our dessert of mini-cupcakes was comped. The worst cupcakes I've ever had. Three cupcakes - mango, coconut and chocolate, each with their own sauce. I really, really wanted to like them. They didn't taste fresh and were too cold. The cake wasn't fluffy and was really dense. 
The restaurant is beautiful. Worth a try. Don't expect miracles.This place is weird.  So we were greeted by the hostess in front who looked like she was wearing butt pads.  No skinny Cambodian-looking girl would have an ass that sticks out ten inches from her back unless she stuck a basketball in there, seriously.  Then she told us to go upstairs because that's where the real restaurant is at and we were again greeted by another Asian hostess. While walking upstairs, you would feel like you're in a bank's safe box room because seriously, that's what it looks like, no joke.  Fun to play with, but weird.  Am I missing some sort of cultural significance here? 
The place is dark with small tables, chairs and booths.  It took them ten minutes to hand us the menus after being seated which I thought was incredibly appalling because I'm sure they didn't forget about us.  They have candles on the tables which made it kinda uncomfortable because it seemed too romantic for our own goods (We were hungry and randomly walked into this place).  I ain't gonna lie, the food was good!  We ordered some noodles which tasted like mixed flavors of Chinese and Italian.  Surprise, surprise, it came in a tiny portion that can easily be confused as an appetizer.  WTF mang.  There were just too many selections on the menu (sarcasm) so I ordered an eye roll.  For more than a dub, it's not worth it.  But compared to other rolls I've had at other sushi places, this roll melted in my mouth with just the right amount of flavor, MmmM.  As long as its good, I like it.  
I liked how our waiter came back to refill my friend's drink a couple times without being asked.  I like attentiveness.  I like staffs who pretends to be genuine as good as they're faking it.  Having missed our menus for the first ten minutes, the service is above average. 
Even if money grew on my orange tree, I wouldn't come here again though.I'll echo what others have said.  The service was poor.  This is a $6 million upfit and it's gorgeous.  The food is good, but not spectacular like the atmosphere.
Lots of potential here in the front and back of house.What a waste of time and money.  We had dinner thinking that the chef from Social House was still there but I guess I should have read the other reviews posted by yelpers.  I guess if I had to describe the restaurant it would by con-fusion...horrible creations that make you think twice about eating there (salmon parmesan roll, crab lo mein Alfredo, wtf?).  Terribly expensive and it seemed that the staff didn't care too much about what was going on around them.Not worth the money. Bad drinks and equally bad overpriced food. The pay roll was bland and possibly the worst I've ever had. It made the $35 roll taste even worse. The mongolian beef is better at P F Changs.Service was good. Decor was very nice. It takes alot  for me to say these things about any place. Good luck.Recently ate at Khotan. The food was quite good. I had the cashew chicken and my wife had sweet and sour chicken. While somewhat expensive, and the service a bit slow, it was a good experience overall especially with the Groupon discount saving us $25.Much MUCH better as Social House.  What the hell was TI thinking?  SH was more Japanese influenced, I would say Khotan is more Chinese influenced, with a Japanese pricetag.  
Grub:
*Jalapeno Hamachi, not as buttery & fresh as I'm used to, soy overpowered, I liked the battered jalapeno slices, great texture, $22
*Rainbow Roll, snow crab & fish were not fresh, $18
*Broccoli Beef, liked the Broccoli Rabe aspect, the beef was eh, $24
*Gai Lan, cooked nicely, & not too greasy, $6
*Crab Lo Mein Alfredo, really strange, like the powdered packet in Hamburger Helper, but oddly comforting, $14
This place is pretty pathetic, but they serve a mean cocktail & boast a great alfresco dining option.Was craving sushi after walking around the outdoor mall at Treasure Island. Just happened to come across this place. The food wasn't bad but it wasn't necessarily good either. Decor is nice, service is average, the bartender was cool though. For the price they charge I would pass on this place. I know it's Vegas but there's some standards you would expect based on the price and the food just didn't meet the standards in my opinion.Khotan is Closed and "Senor Froggy" resturant.I came here back when it was social house, and now Khotan. I tell you it's like night and day. And I don't mean that in a good way. While the decor hasn't really changed much. The menu sure has and not for the better. My experience here while being social house was so wonderful. I figured regardless of the name changing I'd give it a shot. Boy was I wrong. Like I mentioned before the decor is still unique. Dim, sheik, very Asian like of course. But wait, they use to have a dj in the lounge area. Gone, go figure. And the waitresses from what I remember were a lot nicer. Anyway. I ordered a few sushi pieces, with some chicken like kabobs. I believe a salad. Had a few beers. Sushi was very Mediocre. Chicken was dry. Salad was salad. Can't really remember anything memorable from my meal. Aside from the overpriced food. A big disappointment. I doubt I'll be coming here again. Only reason I'm even giving this place 2 stars is because it was once social house. Anyway if over priced wanna be asian food is your gig. Along with half ass service. Be my guest.Mediocre food. 50$ for one person. I could have had better food at Panda Express. The orange peel chicken was cold and lacking flavor. The veggies in the dish tasted like they weren't washed before being cooked. Only good thing about this place is the atmosphere, it is the only reason I didn't give it 1 star.You can IGNORE all the complaints regarding price as this restaurant (formerly Social House, and formerly Khotan Pan-Asian Cuisine) now goes by the name of Khotan Asian Bistro and has a NEW menu with lower prices.
More importantly, there a few restaurants in Las Vegas that offer a more impressive atmosphere.  Anyone comparing it to "Panda Express" or even "PF Changs" is simply not doing this place justice.  The modern and sleek decor hasn't changed too much from the days it was Social House except for the fact they have added some stunning jade and ivory sculptures on display.
Most importantly, the food presentation, taste and service are well beyond expectations for a "reasonably" priced restaurant on the Las Vegas Strip.
Can you get Asian food as good or better at a lower price down the street (Spring Mountain) in Las Vegas Chinatown?  Yes, of course, but no where near the same dining experience in terms of location, seating (indoor/outdoor), ambiance, and cool vibe.
I would challenge some of those that previously rated this place less than 4 to give it another try.  Unless you are a complete foodie-snob and/or have no clue what a "normal" price is for a Las Vegas Strip restaurant, it will be difficult to rate this dining experience lower than a 4.  Of course, that's IMHO.We went there to celebrate our anniversary. When we called to book a reservation, they asked if it was for a special occasion. When we got there, no one congratulated us. No one seemed to care that we were even there. There were lots of staff walking around, but most of them seemed to be chatting amongst themselves. The food was ok, but not worth the $67 bill for 2 dishes and one drink. The jade exhibit was amazing and the atmosphere was good. It could have been better. We were interested in dessert, but got the impression that there was none, until we were asked after we finished dinner. I would have made room if I knew there was dessert.Came here for a friend's birthday dinner. It has a cool atmosphere, but it's super expensive and the food is so-so for the price you pay. It's also super dark, so it's hard to read the menus. This is probably to hide that you're paying $45 for a few pieces of steak. 
If you're here at the right time, Treasure Island's pirate show will play right outside your window, so you can listen to the cannons and fireworks go off while you're eating a romantic dinner. That could be a good or bad thing depending on your personality.While looking for a restaurant on the strip that had excellent decor and a romantic atmosphere, but at the same time a reasonable price, i found Khotan.
The service was good, our waiter was very social and always kept our drinks filled. I tried out the orange peel beef and my girlfriend tried out the Khotan beef both were very delicious dishes, but me being a fat ass was still hungry after since there isn't very much in the plate.
what i suggest: 
1. Eat out in the patio if you are going to be there at nightfall, Khotan is right above the pirate show at T.I.
2. Chicken lollipops! really good appetizerMy four stars are for the lounge area and the food.  The service in the dining area was lame.
The lounge was great.  During happy hour (5-7PM) there are drink and app specials. And since ISLA was packed to the gills, my fella and I decided to check out Khotan.  The barkeep was friendly and chatted us up while we sat and watched an NBA game. 
We were so pleased with the service and food (spicy tuna roll -- YUM) that we decided to come back a couple hours later for dinner.
The dining area is upstairs.  Getting up there is quite a sight - floor to ceiling gold drawers. Pretty impressive.  Once seated (inside) we quickly realized we should have sat on the patio.  The inside of the restaurant was dark.  Not mood-making-romantic dark.  More like push-that-candle-here-so-I-can-read-the-menu dark. Oh well.
We ordered a couple entrees (pad thai and singapore style noodles) and a Tom Yum soup.  The soup was super tasty and chocked full of amazingly tender chicken.  My one gripe about the soup...there were pieces of fried scallion (or something...I couldn't really see what it was) that was really fiberous and unpleasant to eat.  I ended up picking it out of my soup.
The pad thai was to die for. Super tasty and a really great portion.  I did raise an eyebrow at the price ($15) - but hey, it's Vegas baby.  My fella loved the singapore style noodles.  He would have licked the plate clean if he wasn't so classy.
We enjoyed a two-for-one cocktail with our complimentary voucher from Treasure Island and both opted for the ginger mojito. (Give me anything with Canton in it and I'm set. Yum.) 
So - let's talk about the service. The servers were polite and great when we saw them.  We had four different servers at one point and before any of them could get to our table to take our order, the barkeep came by since we had been sitting (unattended to) for about twenty minutes. This could have definitely had to do with the fact that for a while we were the only ones inside the dining area, but the servers never acknowledged the crap service.  A simple, "Sorry 'bout the wait" would have sufficed.  Oh well.
Good thing the food is so good. I'm dreamin about that pad thai. Mmmmm...This place was really good when it was Social House, now its just an expensive place to get sub-par food.  The place reeks like Ed Hardy perfume (below the restaraunt).  The service was ok, but the food was over priced and not up to Vegas quality standards.  I would definietly try somewhere else and not waste my money here again.The best description I can give about this restaurant is that it is the Panda Express of asian food and not worth the price.
For appetizer we had the crispy asparagus. It was just japanese crackers deepfried around asparagus. Too weird of a texture but okay to eat. Only 6 sticks. So to me, 6 asparagus heads is not worth that price.
I got the lobster curry. Again, for the price, it was not worth. i can get thai green curry for $5.95 down the street and throw in some steamed lobster and get the same effect. 
hubby got korubuta pork chop. okay, but have had much better elsewhere.
the place is also really dark, to the point where you cannot read your menu. you have to put the menu an inch away from the candle on your table. lame.
and the TI sirens show in the background is VERY annoying.
skip this place. and TI, please don't make lame asian restaurants. it's an insult to the main demographic of your casino.sehr guter Service, schnell und kompetent!
coole MitarbeiterLieber zu Arlt und vernnftig, gnstig alles fr den PC
als zu ich bin doch nicht bldDer Arlt ist oftmals der Computerladen um die Eck, wenn man dringend etwas braucht. Doch empfiehlt es sich vorher Produkt und Preis online zu prfen, denn leider ist auch das Personal sehr schwankend in ihrer QualittKompetente Beratung, super Preise und kulanter Service. Gerne wieder!Wenn ich meine Computerteile und -zubehr nicht beim K&M hole, dann beim Arlt. Beide schenken sich recht wenig, beide sind gut. Allerdings ist Arlt etwas teurer.Fast immer erste Wahl bei PC-Zubehr. Der Service ist ok und auch bei Reklamationen gabs meinerseits nie Probleme. Muss allerdings sagen das es im Bekanntenkreis schon massieve Probleme bei Garantiefllen gab, daher nur 4 Sterne.Best place for fries! Breakfast sandwiches! Hot Meals! I didn't realize everything is made in house from scratch!!!!!! From the hummus, salads, pasta and pasta sauce!!!! The Chicken Shawarma  sandwich is like nothing you have had before! It's juicy, fresh and huge!!! Also! Ladies it doesn't fall apart!!!! Great lunch place!!!! I personally am a fan of the falafel sandwich! They stick French fries in it for me!!! Also, the people that work there are very sweet, humble and down right good! 
This place is more like family! They know everyone by name!  You walk in and instantly greeted with great service. They give you time to decide and help you customize if needed. 
On several occasions I have gone into the restaurant in a rush between meetings and they are fast!!!! Which I appreciate. I have brought in a few clients with me and they never disappointed with the food. Always consistent. 
If you are in the area.. Give them a try!!!! They ROCK!!!!!!I used to come to this joint when i worked nearby. It is family owned and the food is absolutly exquisite. They get alot of regulars and have a very loyal clientele. Friendly staff.First time going here. Great food. I had a whole wheat chicken shawarma. Was really good and refreshing and filling. Will be going back in the future.This restaurant is all about good home cooking. Wonderful spices, excellent quality and care taken. Lots of repeat customers are seen at Sami's!!
I love their coleslaw and very fresh ingredients are used!!Just to let everyone who reads this know, I didn't actually sign a lease here, and this review is basically just to tell you why.
The "apartments" which are actually condos for rent, aren't very nice.  The floor plan doesn't make any sense, and the place is really old.
The biggest issue that I had here was the staff.  They were rude and complete ignorant.  The woman that showed us around (more like pointed and told us to have a look while her lazy self watched us show our selves around) looked like she had just gotten out of bed and slipped on some flip flops.  The other guy that completely ignored us while we stood at the front entrance waiting to be helped while the other woman was in the middle of a meeting with some potential renters was in a pair of ripped jeans, an abercrombie shirt and flip flops!  COMPLETELY UNPROFESSIONAL.
One of the things that suprised me the most was the fact that the woman that showed us around brought her phone with her and started texting while "showing" us around.  It was only like a 10 minute walk, I think the texting could wait.
Happy to say, I won't be going back there ever again.As a regular visitor to the Phoenix area, I have to disagree with the other negative reviewers.  I've stayed at Bella Terra a number of times over the past few years and I'm always impressed with the upkeep and cleanliness of the grounds.  In all of my visits, I've needed help from the staff only twice, but both times they've been helpful and attentive.
The facilities are well-maintained and the location is mere minutes away from golf courses, walking and biking trails, shopping and restaurants.  
Most of the neighbors have been quite friendly...the only disgruntled folks I've met are angry because their real-estate values have plummeted over the past few years.
I'm looking forward to my next visit.Living at the Bella Terra and having the front office as the property management has been a horrible experience.  I have had several major maintenance issues that have gone unresolved and I have had to pay to have them fixed myself.  This includes broken shower valves and stopped up sinks.  Additionally, the front office manager never returns phone calls and is completely unresponsive to requests.  If you rent here and don't use the front office as the property management it may be a better experience, but I would strongly recommend that no one rent here if the front office acts as the property management.   When my toilet wasn't working, I notified the front office on a Thursday and was told they couldn't have anyone out until the following Tuesday! Completely unacceptable.  This is only one of many examples.No way would I live here again!  This is not a gated community for starters.  You should stay away just for that reason alone!  The pool is small.  The a/c units are  right next to the bedroom window.  If you are a light sleeper like I am, you are screwed!  I never even noticed it until I tried to get to sleep that first night and then it was too late!
The exercise room is a joke!  Many people bought condos here when the market dipped and some only paid around 50-70K.  That should tell you what kind of people live here.  A lot of these condos are rented out and the owners do not have any kind of criteria they have to abide by.  Two convicted felons ended up moving in next door to me and they played their music really loud ALL THE TIME.  I was scared to say anything so I just had to put up with it.Bring a sweater and leggings/pants with you, because this place is freezing! There's something wrong with their ventilation/air-conditioning system. It might be warmer if you sit next to the grill.
The sushi is always good but I've never had the grill. It's a great place to get together with friends, family or colleagues for any group event. Children's birthday parties are celebrated a lot here. I plan on celebrating mine here in September.It's always a fun time with the food cooked in front of you. Nice quality and decently healthy... Price point is a bit high, but it's fun from time to time.It is not just a meal ... It is fun evening with a delicious food and a great presentation .
I gave it 4 star because it is not at the same level of Benihana in Toronto and the US.
I believe it is the best available Japanese grill house in Montreal island .
It is a bit expensive because of the location.Toyo, Toyo, Toyo... where do I begin. I was first introduced to this place 4 years ago, for my friend's 18th birthday. We had an unbelievably fun time with the tempenyaki grills and a wonderful chef/performer. 
I came back another time for a company dinner (my suggestion, woo!) and they were able to accomodate close to 25-30 of us at 2 facing tables. We had another great performance by a chef and everyone left satisfied.
I've come back several times since, in much smaller groups. Unfortunately, the chefs never perform or make a spectacle for smaller parties only the large groups, pretty disappointing. Also, the food can be pretty bland if not seasoned perfectly - which has been the case the last couple of times.
It's also not really that cheap given the portions. Service is pretty decent at the tempenyaki tables - soup, salad and the meal for one price (rice included) for one price and the servers are usually quick to bring out this portion. Tempenyaki takes a little bit of time - so do not come in here if you're in a rush - they usually wait to fill up the whole table with small parties... which by the way, is incredibly awkward! 
I'm sure there are better tempenyaki places in Montreal, but Toyo will make do.Great staff, great location and great food.
The chefs are amazing and make the experience memorable. Great Japanese food. I would definitely recommend this restaurant for a date or even a party.the cook was really entertaining ! food was delicious and well seasoned and cooked. great for small groups !Had a great experience here. Our chef had lots of fun with the meal and put on a good show. Food was fantastic and a large portion. Great time all around.bit pricey but great for groups. Not sure if it's good for dates. Food: teriyaki chicken was great! Shimps and beef were ok. It's just salt-pepper and soy sauce in cooked food. No special spices/exotic ingredients. Portions are ok, too. 
3 starts just because it's entertainment else i'd have given this 1 star based on just food.Cuisinier qui met la bonne ambiance et une viande de qualit au rendez-vous ! 
Le restaurant est trs calme et conviendra pour un bon restaurant entre amis !
Les prix semblent raisonnables vu la quantit dguste.Such a cool environment .. its awesome for partys snd the chefs always entertaining the guests I find it a very new york feeling... I love it. The food is great and so are the drinks , we went once for sushi .. it was great!! So fresh and clean.It's a really nice restaurant , very similar to benihannas if anyone is interested ...I ended up getting the jumbo shrimp & it was made to perfection anyone that loves Chinese food would understandI was going out to dinner with a client and wanted something good near my hotel. My brother, being a local, recommended Toyo. Although you can get sushi here, the main attraction is the Teppanyaki.
As other Yelpers have mentionned, if you don't come with a large enough group to fill up the whole table, they will seat you with others and you'll have to wait until the whole table is full before the chef will start the show/dinner. Luckily for us, this only took about 15 minutes, in which we had enough time to sample some of their tasty sake.
Our chef was absolutely hilarious! He had a sort of Bruce Lee trying to do a joke type of humour and was a magician with his utensils. My colleague went for the scallops, while I opted for the filet mignon. Both were very tasty but the chef mentioned that I should try the samurai steak next time, as it's his personal favourite (he let me have a little bite and it was delicious).
Half way through the dinner, he asked us if anyone was celebrating anything special. We weren't there for anything in particular but my birthday was coming up that weekend so I told him I was turning 28. He surprised us with something spectacular (see the pic I posted!).
We really had a great evening here. I highly recommend Toyo if you're in the mood for a fantastic dinner and a show.I  have been going to this place regularly for over ten years. It is consistently awesome. I agree with another reviewer, if you're in a rush, it's not the place for you. And it is awkward to sit with a bunch of people you don't know. However, more often than not, my fianc and I are seated at a table alone which is nice. 
Considering the portions, this place isn't that expensive. It is one of the only restaurants where my fianc doesn't need to eat a second meal 30 minutes later. Our bill (with tax but no tip) usually comes out to $115. This includes a bottle of sake (I order the chicken teriyaki, he orders the shrimp and filet mignon).  
In terms of the "show" aspect, I'm not a huge fan of this. I have only experienced chefs who really put on a show when dining with large groups. But this, for me, is a positive. 
This place is our go-to when we want a filling, casual and awesome meal. I highly recommend it.Showed up to a place less then 20% full. Guess it was Monday night. Waited 40mins before chef came to cook for us and only after I went to the manager to complaint. Chef quickly came, cooked out meal within 15mins and we were done in the same amount of time. Definitely not repeating due to mediocre food with little to no selection. The staffed blamed the 40min wait on a 20% filled restaurant on the chef being slow! Good way to throw your chefs under the bus.This Bar Restaurant is a wide open airy space within the Apex |International Hotel.We booked a table for Fathers Day Lunch. I have to say the food was excellent, the service was very good & value for money on the Sunay Lunch menu was excellent. The soup was piping hot, the Roast beef melted in the mouth! Didn't have room for puds but they looked fantasticAttached to the hotel my parents were staying in, Metro was restaurant of choice for a quick - but classy - meal before they were to return home a few hours later.
Metro is, I admit - a beautiful restaurant, modern, clean and bright. But my compliments will end there.
The meals were expensive, somewhat tasteless, tiny and my soup starter left an odd coating in my mouth for the rest of the meal. The staff were rude and unhelpful, bearly conceling thier bordom and hate for thier jobs. Service was so slow that I counted my dad checking his watch more than once with fear for missing the plane in two hours time. Not the best.
Now, I am willing to admit, we may have just been there at the wrong time or something, but still, it was an awful experience which I will not want to repeat.Had dinner here in december last year, it was close to my friends apt and we just went there because we didn't want to go far.
Food was nice, a bit pricey though, I had Orzo pasta, sun blushed tomato, rocket, parmesan & pine nuts, the pesto on it could've had less oil on it as I found quite greasy even for a pesto based sauce. It came with a nice salad so this was a good surprise. 
We had a nice rose wine and service was alright.I feel compelled to update again.
YES, THE HAIR IS STILL COMPLETELY OBLITERATED.  Some people wonder if electrology works for permanent hair removal, and it certainly does!  I almost was tempted to post a picture of my eyebrow area, but then I felt it'd be weird to have a Yelp cover page of a random swath of hairless brow.Kati at Elemental Electrolysis is the best! I had a free consultation that was very informative, and even had some electrolysis done that day to see how it feels. Although it is not painless (beauty is pain, people!) it is much more comfortable than laser hair removal (especially for sensitive areas on the face), in my opinion. I now see Kati on a weekly basis, and she has truly been fantastic from day one. She explains everything clearly, answers any questions I have, and makes it as comfortable as possible. Kati is super easy to talk to, and makes my appointments enjoyable (which is so important to me, since I drive 25-30mins in traffic every week for my appointments)! EE is a super clean environment, and they offer convenient online scheduling. If you're considering electrolysis, I highly recommend you schedule a free consultation- you won't be disappointed!Sorry to say that I'm not going as often as I used to, but not because of the service. Blair is the one to go to for permanent hair removal. She's kind, friendly, caring, but she's all that and get's the job done! Her place is always clean. Which is why you too which each visit will see that final day and have to say Thank you for all your great work. When I need to come back, I know you'll be here.Very sad to say that the bar was sold to a slot parlor & will be closing before New Years. The staff was good & so was the food. To many stupid slot parlors in this town now!We came to Big Dogs while waiting for our car to serviced at the neighboring dealership. It was my first time here. Melissa (bartender) was 5 stars. She was friendly, helpful and attentive. I ordered the Brewmaster's Omlette. The pot roast was delicious, tender and I appreciated there being more meat than eggs. The decor is outdated and beat up. No off odors were present. The parking lot needs resurfacing or even a power washer would help. Restroom was nice and clean.Food was good, drink prices were alright. I tend to be surprised when barstaurants can't split c.hecksBeen here twice to catch a sports game on their multiple TVs.  As a pub the food's pretty good and the beverage pricing fair.  I'd recommend this place and would come back myself.Here tonight to try dinner. What caught my eye was the nachos and bratzel with fries. Should have just had the nachos as that was a meal in itself. If you have ever had Big Dogs' nachos you know what I am talking about. The order is so big, it would easily feed four or so. We asked them for a half order and still it was a huge portion. They layer the cheese in between the chips and pile on the sour cream, jalapenos, black olives, tomatoes and guacamole. You can add meat like chicken, taco seasoned beef, or shredded beef for just a little bit more. 
Once they have it all together under the salamander it goes and it's heated all the way through. So the chips on the bottom are just as warm, crunchy and smothered in cheese as the ones in the middle and on top. 
My bratzel is a hamburger with bacon, bratwurst sausage, crispy thin rings of onion, lettuce, tomato, cheese, and of course the pretzel roll. Cut this baby up into four's it's enormous. I enjoy Big Dog's its always fun to dine in or late night, eat at the bar.I had lunch here and it was very chill. I enjoyed that everyone was doing their own thing and the bartender that helped us was very nice. The food is pretty good. I had the club sandwich and my friend has this MASSIVE bratzel thing. It was giant. I have no idea how he ate it all. How anyone could eat that whole thing, but it is possible. 
I did not enjoy a beer, but they have a nice selection. This will probably not be the last time me and Big Dog will share a meal, next time we will share a drink... or four.Great neighborhood hang out. Delicious food and amazing bartenders! What more could you ask for??Decent. Nothing mind blowing about it. We stood at the entrance for about 5 minutes before anyone even acknowledged we were there. Once seated the server was friendly enough but inattentive. We went for a few dry spells to say the least. The beers were decent though, and the food was pretty good.I love that the dining room is non-smoking but it's not enclosed. I really dig the selection of brews here too. They have a great chocolate porter right now and the lake mead monster is a good amber that packs a punch with a 9.1% abv without too much bitterness. IMO, you can't go wrong with either. 
I had the fish sandwich with garlic fries. The fried fish was good and you get 2 large fillets on the bun. It comes with tartar sauce and fries but you can get garlic or sweet potato fries for $1 more. I always get the sweet potato waffle fries and they are worth the extra buck. 
The service is never bad and the beer is always cold. They really didn't do anything in particular to loose a star. I'm just at a loss with the indoor smoking. Is it too much to ask to get good food, service and beer in a clean air environment? Apparently so. Never the less, I like this place and I will be back.If I give Draft House Big Dogs 5 stars, the Big Dogs on Sahara deserves a 4 star review at least.  The beer is brewed at the Draft House location on Rancho, but its just as fresh here.  In fact, when the special brews run out at the Draft House, you can often find them here or at the Nellis location for another week or two.
The bar food is good too.  The menu is slightly different, but pretty much the same as the Draft House.  The only thing is that sometimes the restaurant has slow service on weekends.  This never used to be a problem, but lately when I have gone it has been.  However, after a few Dirty Dog IPA's, this is easily forgiven.  
Try the cheese curds, and the philly cheese steak sandwich.  The fries are awesome too.  Overall, this smaller version of the Draft House has the best beer brewed in Las Vegas (at their Rancho location), and pretty darn good bar food.  This is a regular hang out for me and my coworkers.The week of May 14-20, 2012 is National Beer Week. Any of their brews are $2 off. A pint of their beer is less than $3 for this week. It does not matter what time because this special is a 24/7 promotion. I tried the 38 special which is a blend of two different beers. It was smooth and enjoyable. 
Pair any of these cold drafts with one of their monster burgers and satisfaction is sure to ensue. I got the Tex-Mex; a thick burger topped with a grilled green pepper, cheese, bacon, crispy sweet onion straws, and a BBQ sauce. With a side of their sweet potato fries for an additional $1 hit the spot. Although the fries were cold, the burger more than made up for it. My friend ordered the Big Dog burger and something else came out. In the end, we split both burgers to help alleviate his disappointment. Instead, we were both very happy. Maybe just closing my eyes and pointing would not be a bad option.We wanted to find a place open for lunch that was casual. My husband was craving a burger so we found Big Dogs (it was Christmas day). We both ordered burgers and they were delicious! Juicy, large and all the toppings were fresh (tomatoes, lettuce, etc.) (posted pictures of the food, but not sure where they are...check my profile maybe.)  My 5 year old also had a burger and enjoyed it all. He is a big fan...as now when we drive by the place he yells "Big Dogs!"
The service was really professional and friendly. The place is very clean and a nice casual atmosphere. We will definitely go back (this was our first visit). It was Christmas afternoon so the place was pretty empty. We enjoyed that it was this way! No wait, immediate seating and no loud noises. They were also playing highlights of football (especially the Steelers ;-) .
We look forward to trying other menu items and would consider going to some of their events they advertise. Great burgers!My brother  and I hit up Big Dogs one night around the holiday season to grab a bite, and escape the holiday craziness that sometimes exists. It was after 9, and we were seated in the bar. Not a whole heck of a lot of people around but it was the holiday time. Obviously, as a vegetarian, a place like this doesn't provide a whole lot of options, so I went with a couple apps. My brother, a meat eater extraordinaire had the pulled pork sandwich. My apps were pretty gross deep fried average bar food. My brother wasn't happy with the very gristly pulled pork. The highlight for me was the beer. I got the sampler, and quite enjoyed the Red Hydrant. The other beers were pretty so so, but the Red Hydrant hit the spot. I don't think food will ever be an option here, but I'd give it a second chance for the beer."Welcome to Big Dogs; where you can eat, drink, smoke and play."
Well, not any more.
Just got the word.  Wiesner Jr is closing the place to focus on brewing beer at the North Rancho location.  I have eaten Walleye at the Sahara location every Friday for 5 years.  I'm going to miss it.  
The beer was my least favorite part of going to Big Dogs.  The Dirty Dog IPA gives me a hangover that I do not get from any other alcohol, except their Jackpot 777!  When reinheitsgebot (Bavarian purity law) gets thrown to the curb you should expect bad things.
Its been real, its been fun, but it hasn't been real fun.Does anyone remember The Holy Cow on the corner of Sahara and Las Vegas Blvd?   I do.   I was heartbroken when they shut it down. 
Being desperate for some of that great Big Dog Brews, I found the Big Dog Cafe and Casino nearby.   
The place was ok.   The food was good, but not as good at the Holy Cow and they only had a small selection of the Big Dog beers.   The folks were friendly enough, but I need by Black Lab Stout.   
Will I be back?   Maybe.   But I'd rather check out their other locations first.Third time here. Food can be hit or miss.  Good sometimes and meh others.   The beers are decent.  The bar area is mysteriously Smokey even went vacant.   I was hoping for more sausage are on the menu since they are packers fans. Also, considered taking a star for the same reason. LolWell, it is what it is: a dingy, divey looking place and very unimaginative. Nothing against Big Dog's because it's not their fault but the smoking is a deal-breaker for me under any circumstances, even friends.
My friend had some fries and they were OK. I ate a few and that was about it. The server was very friendly and attentive so I have to give her that.
If you have to put up with smoking in just about every establishment in Las Vegas, you might as well go for a little class. This place is very short on any amount of that. I suppose it's OK to visit with friends just to slam a few. I've never done the restaurant side so I can't comment on that. It's pretty standard, as sports bars go.I had lunch here with my son the other day.  I had a great beer and and great patty melt with garlic fries.  UMMM, just thinking about it makes me hungry.  He goes here with the guys from work often.  Next time I will try the black and blue burger.  Great service, knowledgeable staff.On the look out for a new place to try for Sunday football specials, we decided to finally try Big Dog's. 
We sat at the bar to be able to view a few of the games and were greeted warmly by the bartender. She was very friendly and helpful, guiding us through all the specials and giving her recommendations. We decided to start with a couple of pints of Leglifter beer and some hot wings. The beer was their own brew and a pretty good deal. The wings had a nice flavor and we enjoyed them quite a bit. We decided to order some more and went with the honey hot flavor, which were our personal flavor. Spicy, sweet and delicious.We also upped the ante with some Patron margaritas they had on special. Very strong, but still pretty good. 
Overall, the food isn't amazing but it was pretty good and the service and the deals were pretty good. Not the best place to view football, unless there are only one or two games you want to see at a time. They only have a few TVs scattered around and it's not easy to see all the games simultaneously. I'll definitely be back to try them again some time soon, though.I eat dinner here once on my most recent trip, and had breakfast twice.  Each time the food was great, the beer was excellent.  The service at dinner could have been better, the waitress tired to charge me for a 22 ounce beer when I only had a pint.  I had the Walleye for dinner which was very good, and different omelets the two times I went there for breakfast.  I had 5 of their beers and all were very good.  The service at breakfast was great.I like Big Dog's, even though I'm not a beer drinker.  This visit was our Friday Night group's choice for dinner.  The food was mostly great, the service very lacking (e.g.,hree requests to the waitress for water???).
I ordered a Tuscan chicken sandwich on foccacia, which came with roasted peppers, mozzarella, and yum, sauteed spinach and garlic.  It would have been outstanding if they'd only heated the foccacia to crisp it up.  Instead of the fries or cole slaw, I sprang for the extra two bucks to change it up for a salad.  I expected a tiny side salad, but this was really big, with lots of chopped tomatoes, cuke, cheese, and romaine.  It was missing olives, but that was great:  I hate olives!  By the time I got halfway through the salad, I felt like I'd already eaten dinner.
My husband ordered the walleye special.  I thought it was pretty high-priced at $20, but it came with the aforementioned salad, plus two sides. But when they brought out the plate, I saw the reason for the high price: the piece of fish was absolutely monstrous.  It could have fed a small third-world nation, but my husband lives to eat, so he managed to devour half of it before throwing in the towel.  It became my dinner on Saturday night, and I thought it was fabulous!  I also appreciated the fact that it wasn't over-salted.  Next time we go we'll both order it, and we'll be able to eat for a week!
One of the other couples ordered the same as us.  The guy from the third couple had the burger with bratwurst and, I think, bacon, plus some kind of cheese.  He liked it a lot.  His wife wasn't feeling very well, so she just ordered some tuna salad on a plate.
The waitress was friendly when she took our order, but then disappeared.  Luckily, the bus person was pretty efficient, and saved the day.  Make that evening.Went there for breakfast today and found out they are closing at 4pm today. They had great food and microbrews. I have been going here since they opened. I'll miss this place. I've never had a bad meal here.Despite the fact that Vegas has a stupid number of local's tavern type places per capita (arguably way too many), Big Dog's gets 2 thumbs up from me for their large creative menu. 
I finally made it over here for lunch today after years of working in the area. With all the sports bar hopping my husband and I do during football season, taverns usually aren't my first choice for lunch. Today a burger topped with a brat and bacon just *sounded* good, so off to Big Dog's we went. 
My coworker got a brat, I got the insane brat/burger/bacon thing, and my husband got pulled pork sliders. First off, they get props for all the choices of sides - fries, garlic fries, sweet potato fries, onion rings, salad, potato salad, cole slaw.. OMG, so happy! I love choices. I ended up with the sweet potato fries and they ended up being SWEET POTATO WAFFLE FRIES. Best sweet potato fries ever. Seriously. 
My ridiculous burger topped with a brat, and cheese, and onion strings, and bacon was amazing. I'm not sure if the burger meat itself was good because I was in topping heaven. I ate 1/3rd of it and was too full to continue. Insanely tasty and filling. My husband enjoyed his pulled pork sliders very much as well. 
I'm not sure how tasty their healthy food is (although the salads did sound damn good on the menu!), but their bar food is great - a nice change from the offerings at your typical PT's.*****2013 Entertainment book...$10 bucks off of your bill of $30 or more*****
Well it has been about two years since I was here last for a less than memorable dining experience. You know those times you have dined at an establishment and had great food then you boast to a friend on how good it was. Then you take that friend to eat there and it is a complete disaster and not good at all! Well that is what happened here about two years ago so that is why I have stayed away for so long.
This just goes to show that an establishment can change for the better or worse after time, in this case luckily was for the good! I know my fellow Yelper and good friend Karen is going to shake her head and laugh when she reads this review! lol You can also read her review from when she posted about our crappy horrific visit as well.
This was one of those nights where you want to dine out however can't decide on a place so this is where hubby and I ended up.
We got there late however the basketball game was still playing so our server invited us to take advantage of happy hour as she would honor it for us. So I got a whiskey and coke for $2 and my sweetie decided on a Dog's Draft choice beer for $2 to start our meal off!
Their special this Tuesday night 3-10pm only was a half slab of BBQ baby back ribs, coleslaw and fries for $9.95. I must admit this meal was finger licking good with the fall off of the bone rib meat. The coleslaw was sweet and delicious as well really complimenting this meal along with the great golden fries. It is a lot of food for the price making a great special that I would order again for sure!
My hubby decided on the Brewer's Sandwich, a johnsonville beer brat and a red Klement's smoked brat topped with grilled onions, sauerkraut & Swiss cheese on grilled rye with beer mustard. Served with garlic fries. His meal looked delicious and he really enjoyed it a lot!
We decided for dessert to share their Big Dog's Brownie Sundae a warm, gooey, homemade chocolate brownie, topped with  hagen dazs vanilla ice cream, whipped cream and chopped peanuts. drizzled with hot fudge. It was very good!
The service was good as our server was friendly and attentive with a smiling face which made us feel comfortable.
I am happy to say the food we ordered on this visit was 100% better in quality, taste, portion and price then it was on the last visit!
We also took advantage of our coupon $10 off your check of $30 or more, so basically my $9.95 baby back rib dinner was free!Nasty, terrible and disgusting come to mind as I walked in this place with a seat yourself sign.  Even worse they told me with kids I could not sit in the main dining area and I must sit in a narrow hall way that was truly awful.  It was also smokey and loud in here.  We immediately left and went to the Steak House at Circus Circus that provides incredible service, food and atmosphere.  If you want a quality place to dine and have kids avoid Big Dog's Cafe, I guess the name should have been a clue.+ Nachos that fill up an entire plate.
+ Fresh salads and soups.
+ Great microbrewed Beer.
+ Video poker at the bar
+ Tv's throughout the entire place.
+ Friendly bartenders.
- The only negative is when you sit at the bar and the old dude next to you lights up, and leaves a burning cig in the ashtray!  Would you please smoke it or put it out?!?  We have had to change seats because of this before.
(Man do I miss the Holy Cow!  Yeah, I know, it's been closed forever, but you never get over your first Vegas love.)I'm not usually one to frequent sports bars... but I'll make an exception for wonderful Big Dog's!  They make their own beer, something that I've found to be pretty rare here in Vegas.  While most bars are offering you a choice of Bud, Bud Light or Coors, Big Dog's offers those PLUS about 8 of their awesome microbrews!  If you're a beer lover, you gotta try their IPA!  It's simply heavenly!  They usually have their regular IPA but once in a while they also offer War Dog, a knock-you-on-your-ass 9% alcohol imperial IPA!  It is SO GOOD but beware, as you really only need to drink one.  I would also recommend the stout and pale ale.  Skip the bizarre wheat beer... it tastes like root beer to me for some weird reason.  
Atmosphere in the place is pretty good for a sports bar with video poker machines.  The staff is friendly and they remember you.  Very high ceilings and good ventilation, so you won't come out smelling like smoke.  They also have good bar food- excellent fries, and I would highly reccommend the fish tacos.  Nachos are HUGE... share with 10 people!I've got to hand it to Big Dogs. My family has been coming to this place for years.
Big Dogs is basically a PTs with microbrews with a cafe attached. You walk into the big Dog House. The bar area is 21 plus, it's smokey, and there are various video poker machines.
The restaurant is on the left half of the building. There is a section of hi-top seating which allows seating; the larger dining area is lined with booths and scattered tables. 
I've never had a bad meal here, ever. Even those that I didn't like that much were based on my own taste buds (I just don't like brats, never will). They offer up amazing soups and cheese curds. If you are feeling indulgent, order some of these bad boys. They are gooey cheesy, beer-battered perfection. Seriously, my mouth is watering as I type this.
Some of my go-to regulars are the Southwest Steak salad, the pulled pork sandwich, fish and chips, and grandma's pot roast. They offer fries, coleslaw, potato salad, or sweet potato fries. 
Service is always prompt and friendly. The place doesn't feel overly clean, but I think that has to do with the indoor smoking and dim lighting. 
 Big Dog is Top Dog, too!i've been here many times and the food is always on point. a lot of these "bar food" places are just soggy, greasy and overpriced but i'm never disappointed here. their beers are not far from excellent also. the sweet potato waffle fries are super good if you're tired of eating plain old french fries all the time. i highly recommend stopping by for lunch if you're ever in the area.I like Big Dog's a lot. If I had my choice, I'd go to the Draft House, but if I'm in the area, Big Dog's on Sahara is a worthy replacement.
Same great local craft beer, including the Red Hydrant(?) I like so much!Next stop on the Vegas slider pilgrimage - BIG Dogs.  Haven't been here in ages - kinda avoided / boycotted  since they were a big competitor of mine back in the bar owning days.  well, that was then, sliders are more important !!
debated about the tenderloin sliders or the angus since i wanted to focus on the burger options when they are offered, i chose the angus.  The angus sliders with cheese and fries ( $8.50 ) with a diet coke - i was being a good boy yet not sure why !
on a side note - this place needs a good cleaning and it really needs some fresh air pumped in ! the sliders - decent, nice spicing in the meat -something i didn't experience at the other spots.   fries - ehhhhh.
i hit them for $100 on the machines so i treated myself to an ice cream at danielles next door ( separate review )So, whenever I go to a restaurant which has Philly Cheesesteak sandwiches on the menu, that's the first thing I sample. If they do a good job with that, I am happy with the restaurant. 
I was torn with this one. One part of me wanted to cradle this moist, flavorful, delicious sandwich as one would a hard-earned trophy, or a cherished heirloom. The other part of me wanted to shove the whole thing in my mouth at once, and just wallow in cheesy ecstasy. If I hadn't been heading to meeting with customers, I'd probably have ordered a second one just to rub all over myself, so that no part of me would have to miss out on this sandwich. 
I recently found out that a friend of mine had their wedding catered by Big Dog's. Now I know why.A great place to watch football. Great bloody Mary at a great price...$3.50 is unheard of in Vegas. They serve breakfast too. This is great since college football starts at 9 am.  The best is their microbrew beer.  I loved their Tailwagger Wheat and Red Hydrant Ale. Loved their prices too.  In a land where a beer on the strip costs $10 its nice to see a game day special of 20 wings and a pitcher of microbrew for $20!First of all, let's be real----for the most part you shouldn't be going in to a bar/casino with high expectations about being served "fine" cuisine.  Having said that, the food here is better than expected.  I came here more for the selection of "home-brewed" beers and was not disappointed.  Especially because on Saturday nights they offer half-price pitchers and at $8 it's a good deal even for a single diner like myself.  They had a Baby Back Ribs special with a 1/3 rack of ribs plus coleslaw and sweet potato waffle fries for $8----can't beat the price.  The meat was very tender and fell off the bone and the sauce was not overpowering (it's a sweeter sauce if you like tangy instead).  I didn't try anything else because hey, it is a bar and casino!  But I would come back to try something else and maybe even try their breakfast with a fresh glass of beer.  Now we're talking!  :)Wandered across this place by accident while looking for a Mobil gas station. The food was at least a notch above bar food, and not terribly expensive at all. I didn't go there during a game, so service was quick and friendly. It's WAAAAY off the strip, which is why I think the prices were, well, normal. I will definitely try to go there again next time I'm in Vegas.I have typically stopped in to toss a few bucks into the machines when bored but have eaten here on occasion too.  
First off, while it's probably not so, you just get the feeling that nothing in the place is clean.  It's old.  It shows no signs of renovation and thus the feeling of 25 years  (just a guess) of being open twenty-four hours a day catches up with the place.  As I have seen in other reviews, the smoke hanging in the air doesn't jibe well with an eating establishment.  I had it at 3 stars, but writing the review, I just can't give 3 (A ok) to a place where my clothes stink like smoke every time I spend an hour there.
Food positive:  Only place I know you can get a Bratzel (brat/burger combo on a pretzel bun)!  Food negative:  This place sort of touts itself as a Packer (ie Wisconsin) establishment but the cheese curds are terrible and covered in some sort of Parmesan cheese or something - gross - that's not how you serve cheese curds.  Oh...and as a "sports" bar, shouldn't you have the Big 10 network??  They don't.Great place for pub grub and cold microbrew beers. Looking for your favorite team on the TV? They have plenty of flat-screens throughout. Friendly staff. The reviews from fellow Yelpers pretty much say the same thing, so why re-hash it? Definitely worth a visit!I am sad people lost their jobs but I am not surprised.  We stopped in and stood and waited for 15 minutes to be seated, staff walked by us the bartender looked at us but they all ignored us.  Was it because we had kids ?  Not kid friendly at all, in the end we just walked out.WHAT's BARKIN' !!!!!!!!!
"happy hour": MON - FRI 3 - 6PM
Their annual gift card sale now through 12/2410. And you will receive an additional $25 if purchase $75 at once. What a great great value!!!!
Also, I found out a yellow card mentioned "2 for 1 big dog's brews growler refills on Sunday" -- watch your Sunday football in style with two 64oz. growler refills of your favorite award-winning... Time: 9am - 8pm
Plus, they provide many exciting game time gaming promotions, such as:
1. Take it to the house!
2. Tailgaming points party!
3. Pro football free play!
4. Gambler's parlay cards!
More?
Yes..... ---- Tasty $7 lunch specialsThe Black Lab Stout is AWESOME! I like to pair it with the Black and Bleu Burger (with mushrooms added). The vibe here is always chill, the staff is knowledgeable and helpful, and the food is great. I would gladly recommend this place to anyone looking for a good place to eat away from the craziness of The Strip.Big dogs has amazing food, everything I've had here has been delicious! The servers at this particular location are TERRIBLE though. The first time I went here, my sister and I stood at the host stand for more than 10 minutes waiting for someone to sit us in the dining area. They weren't even remotely busy. Had a few of them walk by us and didn't do anything. Finally someone seats us, but we still waited forever for someone to come take our order. Once that happens we are again finding ourselves waiting and waiting and waiting. Almost 20 minutes later they come and tell us they hadn't put the ticket in (didn't say anything during the long wait because I already figured the service was going to be slow) So she offers to buy our appetizer and finally has our order in. I decided to go there again with my sister and a friend,  because it's close and like I said, the food is awesome. The wait at the host stand wasn't long this time but the wait for food and ordering were still slow. The server brought us the check and I asked her to split it for us, sounds easy enough. Apparently it was asking for too much cause she gives us a dirty look, sighs and continues to have an attitude to ask who ordered what. Will be Last time at this particular location. If you want to enjoy good food go to big dogs, just not this one.I went with a party of 7.  The service was exceptionally slow.  It was so slow that several members of the party nearly had to leave before their food arrived.  We pleaded with our waitress to help move things along.  When the food finally arrived two of the orders were wrong.  A warning, don't order the black stout if you have anything else to do for the rest of the day.  Instead of pouring the stout like professionals and scraping off most of the head, my waitress told me they just let it sit until the head goes down.  I had two, they took forever to get and when they arrived they had nearly a 3 inch head.  It is good stout, but I don't like paying for a lot of foam or waiting for something that really doesn't happen.To continue....
Great lunch specials, had a tri-tip samich with caramelized red onions on ciabatta roll.... A - mazing !  The fish samich is the catch of the sea with 2 large deep fried filets on a wheat bun...ohhh soooo good!!  Can't go wrong with da Big Dog salad with the chipotle ranch dressing....yummmmmm!  
and of course the in house brews.... .38 special? just sounds coool or tailwagger wheat? why sure, please....may I have some more?  Red Hydrant Ale... well you know....
and the typical array of TV's and video poker machines, I like the blackjack.....
LET IT RIDE!!!!!we had the best meal in a long time here last night! Excellent fast service! we waited less than 10 minutes for our food, the food was AMAZING! steak was so delicious, garlic fries were sooooo gooood! and the brownie dessert was the perfect end to a wonderful meal. (sigh) I think im in love... :DEh / Meh / Uhh (or as yelp says, "Meh. I've experienced better.")
Good service, decent food but really dark and somewhat spooky in the lack of windows and insane amount of cigarette smoke.
I recommend a sandwich or fried chicken-type dish, don't try the salads. Trust me. And don't expect a great selection of craft beers, but the prices are fair and like I said, the service has always been good to great there.For the past two Sundays, I've come here to hang out for a couple of hours while my Son is at a Church function.  I enjoy watching the Sunday night football game here and enjoying a drink or two.  Last night I decided to grab a bite to eat.
I was dining by myself and wanted some finger food.  After browsing the menu for a few minutes, I decided to go with the Nachos ($10.50).  To wash it down, I had an Iced Tea.
I watched the Giants/Bears game while I waited for my grub......it didn't take too long before it came....the waitress delivered the Nachos and they were a friggin' mountain of Nachos!  (see pics) Seriously.....I'm not opposed to large portions, but damn this thing could easily feed 4 people!  I was a little pissed because I didn't want to eat that much and the waitress didn't say anything.....also the menu didn't mention the gargantuan size of the Nachos either.  I reacted by saying "Damn, that's a friggin' mountain of food!".....she replied "I know"......well if you knew, why didn't you say something when I ordered it?!
This is where I am torn....do I knock off a Star because of this?  or not?  I personally feel that it's the server's responsibility to inform customers of stuff like this....especially when they see someone is dining alone and portion size is not mentioned on the menu.
Back to the food....the Nachos were topped with melted Cheddar Cheese, Jalapenos, Guacamole, Sour Cream, Onions, Olives, Tomatoes.  The thing was so massive that stuff was falling off the edges of plate....another faux pas from the server is that she didn't offer me a smaller plate to eat my Nachos.....she expected me to pull pieces off this mountain and have it fall all over the table like a pig.  I tried for a few minutes but felt like a slob so I asked her for a plate, which she brought over right away.
The Nachos flavor wasn't spectacular, it was bleh.  The Cheese wasn't gooey....it was melted, but seemed to be sitting a little while because it was already coagulating and it was difficult to eat the Nachos without using a fork.  Also, it was top heavy with the toppings....meaning after the 1st layer of Nachos, there was nothing but bare chips in the lower sections.  What's the point of this dish then?  I don't know.....I felt bad because I didn't even come close to finishing it and it wasn't worth taking home......what a waste of food.
I took off 1 Star because of the bad service.....still a great place to catch a game.  I've eaten here many times in the past with great experiences, but was an inactive Yelper at the time so those experiences are outdated.
Will I return?  Because of my favorable history with Big Dog's, I will give them another chance.....next time I'm asking the server how large the portion is.Best burgers bachi burger sucks compaired to the big dogsBeen here a few times since moving to town.  Enjoyed the Fish Fry being from the mid west.
Played poker here a few times and enjoyed the vibe until recently when an oncoming bartender snapped at me and my girl and said "You have to bet the Max to be comped"  
She Didn't say hello or anything, RUDE!!!!! in fact we play here and other places and bet all over the board depending on how the payout is going.
Anyway, after that statement and the way it was delivered, we got up and left and don't plan to return anytime soon.  I tip well and buy most of my drinks most of the time.  This was shocking and pissed me off the way it was said.  Most bartenders hav ea better personality and can get way with this, but she was rude.Good food & service! A favorite of mine. Have had the buffalo chicken wrap and burgers here.. The staff is friendly and the beer is cold!My friend just moved to the west side (which I basically never venture to; west of the strip is anathema to me) and last night we went and ate and then tried to find a neighborhood bar for him to go to in proximity to his new digs.  Somehow, we ended up at Big Dog's.  While it ain't BAD, it's definitely not the place he, or we, will be spending our time.
I can't attest to the quality of the food, but the drinks weren't bad.  I do hate it when places don't charge on-the-dollar for drinks.  Well drinks were $3.25 - not a bad price - but do I give the barkeep a less-than-a-buck tip (hate to do that) or end up with a purse full of quarters (hate that a little more)?  The cocktail waitress was attentive and nice and saw my drink was empty and asked if I wanted another right away.  I just didn't like the atmosphere.
I like the awesome hip bars downtown, to be sure, but I have a deep and abiding appreciation for local bars.  Ones that the everyday Joe goes to.  This one fell short.  The atmosphere felt a little unwelcoming and after two drinks we jetted.We eat here every time we visit Vegas as my dad lives nearby in Summerlin. Consistently good food and stellar service.  We showed up tonight w a party of 10.  Seamus the manager was the best.,,,got us a table and our server was great.  The food was as always perfectly prepared (and we order everything slightly off the menu). Beers are great and so are the mixed drinks.  It's not smoky inside, not overly noisy and just an overall pleasant place to go, especially to get off the strip.  This is one of my dads favorites and he comes weekly. We have been coming monthly when we visit and I am finally getting around to writing a review.  We had a bad experience this AM at Weiss deli so coming here was so relaxing.  I hope the management reads this and knows how much we enjoyed the meal and service.  Seamus is so incredibly pleasant, he makes the visit that much nicer.  Even my husband, who never really comments on service mentioned this.Bartender was great and knew the beers very well. Food was good, had the brat/sausage burger and it really hit the spot. The whole place itself looks like it needs a deep cleaning and to change its air filters but what can u expect from a local dive bar. I will go back when i want to gorge my self on good Wisconsin styled food though.Just ok. The cheese curds are delicious. The beer is just average. The pretzel is  not a pretzel, it's bread with salt on it, shaped like a pretzel.Excellent microbrews, annnnnd that's about it.
Bad customer service, bad atmosphere...it almost doesn't know what it's trying to be...well that's not true.  It WANTS to be a Wisconsin bar in Vegas,  it's just that it does it very very poorly.  (And I went to college in Wisconsin UWEC FTW!!!)  This "should" be Packer heaven... WTF?  Try installing at least one TV that isn't 10 years old!
It feels OLD, and so is the staff.Good football specials and strong drinks. That about sums up this place. We had wings and drinks while watching the games last Sunday. They don't have every game up and you can't really see all the games from just one seat, but it's still a good place to grab some beer and enjoy some cheap bar food. The spicy honey wings won me over and they have really good beers they brew themselves on special. The Patron margarita put me over the top. It was strong and really good. Put me in a good mood for the rest of the day.It's fine. There are typical food court choices. The seating area is nice, and they clean it up very regularly. It's a food court. If you have to eat here, I'm sure you'll be able to find something in your budget and to your taste.Seeing as there are reviews for Dine on L3 (Yorkdale mall) and Urban Eatery (Eaton Centre), I figure I would review the new food court in Square One which is going by the name of "Food Central".  It has the same concept as Yorkdale and Eaton Centre, as they give you real cutlery and dishes as opposed to the plastic ones.  
Compared to Eaton Centre, and Yorkdale, this is a lot smaller, but there is still at least 20 places to choose from including some of the newer entries into the food court wars (Big Smoke Burger, Amaya Express, SU&SHI, Shanghai 360, Chipolte, Szechuan Express) plus the older ones (A&W, KFC, Manchu Work etc.).
Overall, it's not a bad place to eat if you are on your lunch, can't decide what to eat or are just hanging out at the mall, but not worth a special drive (it is a food court after all right?)
Also, compared to Yorkdale, there's no special sit down restaurants close to the food court besides Earl's.Although I appreciate Square One trying to improve shoppers' dining experience, what I dislike about the whole concept behind Food Central is that it sorta promotes an apathetic, lazy attitude amongst diners.
Good:  Use of actual stainless steal cutlery, melamine trays, bowls, cute condiment containers, cups, etc.  Newly renovated eateries, washrooms, seating. 
Bad:  Not enough seating, especially at peak times, considering the amount of eateries, and there aren't any visible garbage/recycling bins, so as a diner, you can either leave your tray/trash on the tables OR bring your tray to the station to have someone else clean up after you.  :(
This is not a good message to insinuate to shoppers.  Instead, I think Food Central should promote a more community-like attitude such as "please clean up after yourself" and set up different bins - similar to IKEA/Whole Foods - so that everyone can do their part!  
There are already enough lazy slobs out there, we don't need to raise a new generation of them.
As of now, Food Central is not 100% complete, still uneven flooring around outskirts.Much more nicer than before. Very modem look now.
Need more cultural variety though i think.
I like the new dishes system.Much nicer than the old food court that I remember, that's for sure!
I worked at Square One for several years back when I was in university and remember the food court quite well...it was my savior on the (many) occasions that I would forget to bring my lunch to work. How I didn't pack on twenty pounds at the time is beyond me. It was adequate back then, if pretty standard. Now with a lot of malls stepping up their game, it's nice to see that Square One has followed suit.
Everything has been redone and renovated and it has a nice and modern look, although it does look a little cold and sterile compared with how it used to. Lots of new places as well as the old, so there really is a good selection. It's still overpriced and often dull mall food but at least you have options. They've also made the switch to reusable cutlery and dishware, which is obviously great. 
All-in-all it's still a food court in a mall, but at least it's a pretty decent one with a lot of choices. Though I don't work in the mall anymore, nor do I frequent it as much as I used to it's nice to know that if I did, I wouldn't get too sick of having to go through a very limited rotation.This is a typical mall food court, mediocre food over priced, bad attitude = Square one food centralThe service was friendly and attentive without being intrusive--an ideal balance. The friend I met for dinner here had been here many times before and usually ordered the meat dinner for two. We decided to try the vegetarian version this time. 
Delicious! The dhal was fabulous, as was the saag paneer. Fresh naan and thick, not too sweet lassi. The kheer was similar--rich, but not overly sweet.
In all, a delicious meal! We lucked out in being seated without a reservation, but the waiter seemed a little nonplussed at first, and we had an option of one of two tables, as all of the rest of them were reserved. So--probably best to call ahead if you're planning on coming for dinner.
My one regret is that the dinner special was so enticing--and delicious, and filling--that I never got a chance to try the other tempting options on the menu!What everyone else said!  I'd like to put a good word in for their mango lassi, too.This place is great - nice food, not very expensive, usually easy to get a table, a nice mix of vegetarian and non-vegetarian dishes.  Highly recommend.
The service can be a little inattentive, though - but if you get their attention then they are very friendly and helpful, you just need to know that if you want something you need to wave someone over.so disappointed !
i had fairly high hopes for this place based on the yelp reviews id perused so i was very let down when it turned out that i had been mislead ...
first of all the good : the decor , if trying a little too hard to create a "fine-dining" type of atmosphere , is pleasant and i really liked the artwork on the walls featuring the nepalese (or indian ?) countryside .  the music was also nice traditional indian music .  the servers were very pleasant ; they kept their distance and didnt offer much banter but were kind , polite and attentive .
the bad :  THE FOOD !  after waiting quite a while in an empty restaurant to receive our order , we thought that maybe this was a good sign as some of our meal was being prepared "fresh" .  sadly this was not the case except maybe for the bindi masala which was slimy and undercooked .  the aloo gobi featured very hard cauliflower and stale tasting , dried out potatoes .  most disappointing was the butter chicken which was VERY tough and dry .  the sauce was not rich at all - definitely couldnt detect any butter and very little cream .  the tomatoes didnt lend any sweetness as they should but instead made the dish quite bitter .
the naan was okay .
if we hadnt had a discount through groupon , it would have felt like a complete rip-off .  the potions were VERY tiny and all four members of our party left very dissatisfied .
no offence to the other reviewers but im wondering if maybe the higher rating is partly due to the large student population in the area ; maybe this place is earning high praise from people who have little experience with indian food or what torontos competitive dining scene really has to offer ?Pretty good nepalese food. The portions are a bit small so go for an appetizer to go along with your entree. Went for a la cart dinner but they also have a lunch only buffet that looks like it's worth checking out.
There's an extensive tandoori portion of the menu which looks very interesting. I will have to try that next time.Good quick service and all of the chicken dishes were fantastic. Highly recommended for anyone in the area. I'm looking forward to going back.This place converted me to malai kofta, but the butter chicken is the piece de resistance.
Come for lunch for a $10 buffet and enjoy an endless supply of their amazing rice pudding and naan, but be warned that the lunch butter chicken has lots of bones while the dinner a la carte butter chicken is made with boneless chicken breast.Dinner; Jan 15, 2011 
Enjoyed a great meal with friends. The place was crowded and we waited 10 minutes (around 8 pm) My partner enjoyed the Chicken vindaloo.... way too spicy for me, but tasty... the butter chicken was one of the best I have had and the lamb saag was perfectly balanced. Don't bother with the appetizers, just order extra naan or other type of bread. Prices are decent the service impeccable.delicious well-priced food with an awesome location on bloor street
shared several with five people, had 
saag lamb- amazing, very tender and perfectly cooked lamb
 chicken jalfrezi- excellent level of spice 
vegetable tandoori- great dish for sharing, comes steaming hot with a huge variety of vegetables and paneer, my fav things to order here
 shrimp jalfrezi- just as good at the chicken jalfrezi
bhuteko cali- traditional vegetable dish from nepal, very well seasoned, reminded me of my travels in the Kathmandu Valley!
yes service is slow but I have been to Nepal and service is WAY slower (they make everything from scratch and multiple orders means long waits) in that country so it's a very traditional laid back dining atmosphereThis place is wonderful. The flavours are rich and vibrant, with all the spices and herbs tingling every taste bud. Everything is reasonably priced so there's no fear of feasting on wanky food for two hours only to have to go to Pizza Pizza afterwards.Everest is probably my favorite restaurant in Toronto.  The service is great, the decor is contemporary and the food is superb.
I highly recommend the Aloo Tama Bodi, Chicken Momos, the Lamb Vindaloo, Panir Tikka and the Chicken Tikka Masala.
Some of the best dining service I've had and the food is unique and of high quality.Amazing food
Great service
Reasonably priced buffet! 
Sometimes they have a sitar guy playing. WOOO!Amazing Indian Food. ordered the vegetarian meal for two and was very impressed with everything-- the vegetables were delicious, the saag paneer is the best I have ever tasted and the Naan is so fresh and tasty. Great service + great food= happy customer.This is 100% based on the lunch buffet experience:
-the food is foul. old leftovers- overpicked and not delicious.
-the bread is stale
-the selection is slightly pathetic compared to the queen street row of indian AYCE lunch buffets.  
i'd give this place another try to redeem themselves and becasue i trust that yelpers aren't completely wrong but i fidn it hard to believe that experience was not typical.So, this review is based on my experience with the lunch buffet.  On food alone, I would have rated 2 stars because it all seemed a little old at that point (like it had been out for a while), but I came in at the end of lunch.
The rest of the experience was great, though - it was a cheap meal, it was fast (I was alone, eating on my way to a meeting) and the service was unobtrusive but consistent.  My water was always full and I had as much naan as I wanted.
A note: a lady at a nearby table was complaining that the food was all too spicy.  I am pretty spice-averse, and found everything to have heat but didn't mind it.  So, if you're like that lady and have a zero spice tolerance, beware.  Maybe don't eat indian food though, you know?Went here for dinner on a weekday and the live music was great, makes the experience much more enjoyable.  The service was good and not too over-the-top.
We loved the curry chicken, the garlic naan was good too, but I prefer regular naan.  Their spicy shrimp was very flavourful.  The quality of the dishes was very high.
The portions are much smaller than what I am used to at other Indian places though and it's a bit pricey too.  Overall, it was great though, I'd come back.The food was delicious. I had a vegetarian homemade cottage cheese + creamy tomato mix.. i forgot the name of the dish, but regardless it was fantastic. My boyfriend ordered some sort of chicken, which was extremely tender and juicy. Overall, one of the best Indian I had in Toronto.. 
One down side is that in comparison to the ambiance and portions, the price was a bit too expensive. Our dinner was one order of each rice, naan, the chicken, and the tomato... tax + tip was a total of $40. Not cheap at all.
I'd probably go again but I wish it was a bit cheaper. ( The vegetarian dish was $12 before tax ! Which is normally the price of a  chicken someplace else)
Service was good, the food came out pretty quickly.
Good dinner overall!!The food was good and have and I have no complaints. I was hoping for food that differentiated itself a bit more from Indian and that's why I'm only giving it 3 stars.
Overall it was good but not memorable.I've been to Mt Everest countless times over the years for their cheap buffet lunch (believe it costs $10.99 now but back in the day it was only $8.99)
Tried out dinner here last week for the first time. 
I find the menu slightly overpriced. Most of the curries were $15 and that did not include rice or naan. Given this is the ANNEX and the decor/ambiance of this place is quite underwhelming, I think they are overcharging by a few dollars. Other similar type places with much better food (Banjara) have a more reasonable price point.
My date and I ordered the Dinner for Two special ($36.99) which was definitely the most bang for your buck. You get a platter of tandoori chicken, boti kabob and chicken tikka (two pieces of each), a lamb curry, mutter paneer, peas pulav and 1 order of rice and 1 naan. Some kind of rice pudding for dessert too.
Food was pretty tasty, didn't blow my mind but was definitely good.
Service was bothersome for me - very spotty at this place. At times they were over topping off water every 5 minutes, and at other times we could not flag them down to get extra rice or the bill, etc.
Lunch buffet is still a great option!The food here is very good, and the service is exceptional.  There is a wide variety of foods, from vegetarian to meat dishes and non-spicy to spicy ones.  The Naan, though seemingly pricey, is very good and big.
The food comes relatively quicky, and despite the relatively small portions, they are actually very rich and filling.Ok, everyone else who has commented here needs to calm down a little bit.  Yes, this restaurant is nice, but come on...5 stars?
I split a non-vegetarian combo for 2 with my girlfriend and it was delicious.  In particular, the chicken from the tandoor was uncharacteristically juicy.  Typically, Indian restaurants dry the crap out of their chicken when they put it in the tandoor, and this is the strongest point in favour of this restaurant getting 4 stars.
The ambiance is where it looses a bit of cache for me.  There was a sort of awkward white guy playing a sitar in front of what must be the lunch-time buffet station.  There was just something about that scenario that screamed "We're throwing the South Asian kitchen sink at you, what more could you want?  We have a sitar, Indian food, an inexpensive lunchtime buffet and waiters wearing bowties."
Don't get me wrong, I'd come back here in a second, especially to order more stuff from the tandoor or the delicious mataar paneer, but it is NOT a 5 star restaurant.What a very nice place at Bloor Street west . You can have a nice buffet with a great selection of Indian food or you can order from the menu. I recommend the garlic naan and the mango lassi.The restaurant sits on the south side of Bloor Street with glass windows looking out onto the street. Like most Toronto restaurants it is long and narrow. There is a bar when you enter that separates a section of tables at the front and some near the kitchen. The decor is dark and rich with lots of wood accents. When we arrived it was almost empty but while we were sitting it was full in no time. The staff was attentive and polite providing service when needed. The menu featured a selection of expected East-Indian and Nepalese dishes. We opted for some onion bhajis, a roti, a garlic naan, and two vindaloos. Although the bhajis were a little greasy and too salt everything else was delicious. It was what one would expect for a place frequented by locals from the neighbourhood.My favorite Indian/Nepalese place in Toronto. I love the vegetarian combo, and the Chana Masala, and the Aloo Gobi...and so much more about this place. The servers are all extremely kind and friendly. If you order a complicated dish, it may take more time to come out of the kitchen--but at least you know they are cooking it with care and not throwing it in the microwave.Great neighborhood Indian joint.  Can't beat the takeout student special - 2 (smaller size) dishes, rice, naan/roti, salad, raita, and a beverage for $10.99 (veg) or $11.99 (non-veg or combo).It's a pleasant atmosphere to dine in. I liked the paintings of Nepal on the walls as well as the post cards near the door. They've clearly put in effort to make the place not look as tacky as the proverbial south asian restaurant, and for that I commend them. 
The food is not bad per se, but it's pretty generic and forgettable. The Nepali portion of the menu is limited, and unfortunately the differences between the Indian and Nepali dishes were very minimal, for eg,: our server told us that the only difference between Bhuteko Cauli (Nepali Entree) and Aloo Ghobi (Indian Entree) was that the latter had potatoes in it! I understand that Nepali dishes aren't that different but to make the dishes taste the same is a bit ridiculous. They think that since no single table is going to order both the Nepali and Indian equivalents together, they can get away with making cosmetic changes to their dishes.
We ordered  Keema Samosas,  and the Nepalese Entrees: Aloo Tama Bodi (potatoes, lentils and bamboo shoots) and Khasi Ko Masu (goat meat with bone) and Ras Malai for dessert. The food was freshly prepared and piping hot. The Aloo Tama Bodi was quite bland and the Goat Meat curry tasted like generic Indian  goat curry. I was quite interested in the Aloo Tama Bodi primarily for the bamboo shoots and was saddened to see limp, noodl-y shoots in the bowl. Oh well. However, the Ras Malai was very good: delicately sweet, milky and cool.
The service was good except that they mixed up our order, but that was corrected in a jiffy.
Dinner for two came to about $ 52 with tip and tax. Pretty expensive for a very middling experience.  I'd have liked them to put more effort in their food than their decor.i ordered for pick up and got the daal and mountain potatoes. both dishes were excellent, really quite tasty. i'm impressed. what i'm not impressed with is the prices -- it's just hard for me to fathom such prices for a small amount of desi food.
i hear the lunch buffet is much better bang for your buck, so i'll try that.While the service was very good and the decor was passable, the food at Mt. Everest left a lot to be desired.
While the lunch buffet only cost $9.99, the food was very, very average. There were two meat dished, a few vegetarian dishes, and a small salad bar, so there was some variety, but the quality left a lot to be desired. The meat dishes were dry and cooked carelessly - the pieces of chicken looked like they'd been hacked at - and the veggies at the salad bar were dry and looked rather waxy. The only good dishes were the vegetarian ones, and while they tasted okay, it didn't feel like much care had been taken in their preparation.
Dinner, while much better, also came with a much steeper price tag. An order of tikka masala, rice, and naan set me back $16, and the portions of tikka masala and rice were truly very small for the price tag.I ended up at this place accidentally. I met my friend nearby, and I had told them of a place I wanted to try out on Bloor. (they thought I was referring to a place that they walk by that is always dead, but I wasn't) and so they quickly were like... here's an Indian place... let's go here.
The food wasn't bad, but it wasn't great either. There is tastier Indian food out there, and in larger portions too. From reading the reviews, I should have went for the lunch buffet. As I paid 20 dollars and left hungry... but again, I came to this place accidentally.Went for the $8.99 lunch buffet, and thought everything was quite tasty and high-quality. Flavorful with mild hotness.
My only complaint was the number of small bones in the goat curry -- had to carefully chew to avoid hitting the many pieces of bone.It's been a few years since I last tasted the food from here. We didn't feel like going out the other day so we ordered for delivery. I couldn't be any more pleased!
The came right away and everything was delicious! I'll be going back soon! :)
Their Naan bread is to die for!I can't remember the name of my dish but it was a Northern Indian specialty with ginger and a blend of unique spices. It was one of the best meals I ever had.  The place is nice and quiet and the servers were friendly and efficient.  I hope my  fiance's friends from Toronto get married so we can eat at this restaurant againWhether you want to get the $10 lunch buffet (such a good deal) or a night with a fine dining atmosphere without the fine dining price tag, this is for you.
Their food is excellent, really - especially during dinner time. Service is impeccable (they seriously make you feel like you're at a restaurant that would charge double the price) and prices are very reasonable.
The food at the lunch buffet is most likely just extra leftovers from the previous night so the tandoori chicken won't be as juicy and the naan not as fluffy/warm, but the curry is just as good. Either way, you can't get a better deal for $10.
Try the Lamb Vindaloo (very spicy) or the Chicken Korma!My wife and son and i chose Mt everest based on our location on bloor west and yelp reviews.  The decor is clean and pleasant and we were greeted as soon as we came in.  After our orders were taken, it took quite a while for our food to arrive and we were starting to get jittery.  It was early for dinner, 4 45 , but it was not clear why it took over 35 minutes.  All i can say is that the wait was worthwhile, the food was very good.  Tandoori veggies, lamb tikka, hunters platter, chicken masala, everything was hot and tasty, spiced just right.  The sauce and yoghurt marinade were balanced and just right.  What we appreciated the most was the quality of the lamb and other meats.  They do not cut corners on quality. A satisfying dinner.Posted the following a couple weeks ago:
(four stars):
"Last week I wrote a review for Mt. Everest Restaurant expressing mixed opinions on Mt Everest: high quality food but at the cost of poor service (Refer to bottom of this review).  Within a matter of days, I was surprised to have received an extremely apologetic response via Yelp from the owners of Mt. Everest Restaurant.  They apologized for the inconvenience they may have caused my party, informed me that the staff was briefed about the situation and that new staff has been consequently hired, and offered me a coupon for my friends and me.  
Although I have yet to go back (I'm pretty sure I would despite the disappointing service I faced the second time I went), I have decided to up the rating for the restaurant because I am entirely impressed by the fact that the restaurant owners are both concerned with and responsive to the opinions of their customers."
---
I went back with a group of five friends to Mt. Everest after claiming the coupon.  As they had promised, the service was much improved--the service was fast and the meal was as expected delicious. I'm pretty sure they were unaware that I had previously complained on yelp about their terrible service, so I'm hoping that my experience was unbiased. With their improved service and same excellent quality of food, I am changing my review to five stars.
---
Original review (three stars):
"Very very mixed opinions about this place.
1. The Food is amazing--both lunch buffet and dinner menu
2. The food is even better when the service isn't terribly slow.
After the first visit to Mt Everest for lunch buffet, I was utterly blown away by the quality of the food.  Unfortunately, I made the mistake of selecting Mt Everest for a class dinner two weeks later.  We waited an hour and change for our orders to materialize; by then we were late for class.  
Unacceptably slow service."Really, really good.  They do Indian and Nepali, which is a great combo since I haven't had too much exposure to Nepali food yet, and I've discovered that I love it.  Momo Dumplings FTW.
The lunch buffet isn't the cheapest ever, but it's all-you-can-eat, so skip breakfast!  They are a lot more careful with food preparation for dinner (i.e. meat is boneless, selection is better) but you know what?  I get the lunch buffet anyway, since it's just so tasty.
We never manage to spend under $50, which is a shame since I'd like to incorporate this restaurant into daily life.  However, for a treat, this place is definitely classier than its price range specifies.  Friendly, undervalued/underrated, tasty, and tasteful.  Highly recommended.I'll admit, I've never actually sat down at Mt Everest. One time a friend popped over with some leftovers that were so good I didn't know what to do with myself, but after ordering takeout, I am not impressed.
Okra is my favourite vegetable when it comes to Indian cuisine and I order it whenever I can. Mt Everest's bhindi masala over some uninspired rice left me satisfied (it's actually way better as reheated leftovers) and I enjoyed the nice spicy kick to it, but the garlic naan was flat out disappointing. I'm a bit of a garlic naan connoisseur and I am not quite sure what to even say about what I tried because there was not much to it. It wasn't garlicky in the slightest, not even buttery, and the naan's texture was dry, tasteless, and chewy in an unflattering way.
I am for sure willing to give Mt Everest a second shot because I walk past it all the time and would really like to try some of their other items, but first I need to recover from this meal that cost over $30 (two entrees, rice, and naan - really?) and a bit of an upset stomach.Been here a few times for dinner, and every time I've been happy with the service and quality of the food. This place gets busy, so make sure to call in and get a reso if you think you'll need one. 
When I feel like Indian, this is the place I go to!Me and my friend wanted to dine on some Indian food over a movie. I had previously gone to Mt. Everest for the lunch buffet and found it decent enough to order delivery. 
I ordered butter chicken, naan and drinks. The delivery was done in 30 minutes which is very good when compared to delivery times of other Indian restaurants. 
The food:
1. Butter Chicken: Delivery quantity was very small when compared to the actual dine-in quantity. The chicken tasted as if it was just put into the butter chicken gravy and served. We wouldn't have cared much if only the gravy tasted good. Being an Indian, I can easily differentiate good butter chicken from the rest. Unfortunately, this wasn't the best I have had in Toronto. 
3 out 5 stars.
2. Naan: The Naan was a horror story. It wasn't cooked well. I could taste the raw flour which made them inedible for us. Apart from that, the naan smelled very bad. 
0 out 5 stars.
We had to throw out the naan and ate the butter chicken with bread. Totally ruined the evening for us.I am a self-confessed foodie, and so I'll explain why this much looked-forward-to event turned into the worst nightmare. This restaurant has the most horrible customer service that you can imagine. Me and a friend went over in the early part of the evening and resto was already pretty crowded. One of the servers sat us down at a 'waiting' table in the front and said the table would be ready in about 20 minutes. He put down a couple of poppadums and then vanished. 35 minutes went by, the waiting area was getting pretty crowded. We were getting antsy by now. My friend went and found the guy and asked him for an update 'only 5 minutes sir!' OK..another 15 went by..my friend went again to look for the sever who (guess what) took one look at him and ran inside!! Meanwhile, even those waiting after of us were seated. We managed to find the floor manager who looked surprised that we'd been waiting for 1 hour plus. I had enough and said- look, either we sit asap or we can leave, to which he replied - not possible today...human error... I'd be happy to serve you another day...we waited for him to add the words 'on the house' or at least a measly 'at a discount' but NO! nothing...he just looked at us blankly. We left the resto hungry, tired and with a resolve to tell other foodies like us about how LITTLE THEY CARE FOR THE CUSTOMER!! Oh and btw- you get seated first if you're white! :-( epic, epic fail.Went here with a Nepalese friend of mine. Delicious Naan bread and whatever else we had was good too. My friend ordered in Nepalese so I have no idea what the dishes were, but they were sufficiently spicy and easily mopped up with the bread, which was hot and freshly made. 
I think one of the appetizers was called Momo, it reminded me of dim sum but much spicier. Here is a picture from a google search. http://www.travelandtournepal.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/08/Momo-With-Sauce.jpg
Highly recommend the momo. I would go here again on my next visit to Toronto. Price was reasonable.this is a nice spacious restaurant with low lighting and simple but nice decor, nothing all that memorable, but clean nonetheless.
we ordered the Non-Vegetarian Bhojan for two and to start we ordered the chicken momos.  so we had a mixture of indian and nepalese food.   the momos were absolutely deeeelicious.  they dough was cooked well (maybe slightly overdone, but if so just barely) so that it was soft and not overly chewy.  the filling inside was tender pieces of chicken and spinach i think.  that was very tangy, like it had soup inside or something.
then the waiter brought us one part of a our Bhojan.  that had a couple different kinds of chicken, like the tandoori, some boti kebab - which might have been beef or lamb, not sure.  the chicken was surprisingly tender and tasty in both forms.  the lamb/beef both in its form here and in the lamb curry to follow were overdone and too chewy, too rubbery.  what was to follow was the lamb curry, the mutter paneer, a raita and a couple of rice puddings for desert.
the sauces were pretty great, the accompanying veggies (though not substantial) were tasty, as they had absorbed the juices and accompanying sauces and spices of the meats.
the rice puddings were fine, tasty, but i dont think itd be my first pick of deserts in general.
all that was accompanied by 2 kingfisher beers a piece.  id like to come back here again, but id focus specifically on the nepalese dishes.The food is undoubtedly very, very good and perhaps the best Indian food I've had in Toronto so far. No complaints there. But it is overpriced. The restaurant itself is quite large. 
I must comment that I disliked the service. One of the waiters was particularly rude, which comes as no surprise since Indians lack any semblance of tact (being Indian, I'm allowed to say that). 
Ordered the Fish Pakora, and Shrimp Masala with Naan. It took about 30-40 minutes for my entree to arrive, and what's worse, is they got my order wrong. After they did so however, one of the servers questioned whether I had indeed ordered that. On the other hand, they did rectify the order immediately, and apologized for the mixup Everything I ordered was delicious. I recommend getting the Shrimp Masala. I would return here.Wow, um wow wow wow! I have lived near this restaurant for 6 years and never bothered to go in..why, I have no idea..it's a mystery.  Tonight, my husband and I ventured in, wanting to try something new out and let me just say, words cannot express how utterly delicious tasting the food is here!!  We selected the dinner for two and had plenty to eat, in fact, we overate, ensuring that there were no left overs.  We ended our meal with AMAZING mango juice...I'm so stuffed, I almost feel ill but it was well worth it.  
The restaurant is moving elsewhere in the neighbourhood.  Wherever it ends up, I shall follow!!I have tried a ton of Indian food but never had the pleasure to Nepalese so I was instantly excited to try out this place.  The decor was nice and understated. Waiters were super attendant and polite!  So off to a good start.
What we ordered:
Momos
Jhane ko dal
Aloo tama bodi
Lamb Briyani
Raita
When asked how hot - we selected medium. Im not a fan of super hot - I much prefer deep rich flavour. We were assured that medium would be the right selection (mild - too bland, and hot would have too much heat). They were right. The medium was perfect - deep rich flavours and just a hint of warmth which is perfect on a cold day.
The food itself was cooked to perfection. The lamb was cooked enough to be "cooked" but still melt in your mouth soft.   Aloo tami bodi was a potato dish with bamboo and black-eyed peas in a rich yummy sauce. The momos came with a lentil mustard sauce that my companion ate with a spoon (it was that good).
Even with many alcoholic drinks the final tally was quite inexpensive! Which is rare for a unique dining experience downtown.
I give it 4 stars only because I have no base of reference to know if this is the best of the best of Nepalese food - but it was definately fantastic and I will be back again (and again and again).The buffet is great, hard to go wrong with that.
From the menu, my favourite item is the tandoori lamb skewers.   Very flavourful, a lovely hint of onions and spices.
Staff have been reasonably friendly.This place was good, but not great. 
I order the chicken vindaloo, because I wanted something pretty spicy! The waiter warned us the dish was very spicy, but we said that is great -- just what we are looking for. However, the dish wasn't very spicy at all, I was disappointed.......
The palak paneer was strange, shreds of spanish instead of puree. 
The chicken hariyali on the other hand was excellent -- best dish out of the night!
Would not return though, better indian places to go to.Wow. The dinner is infinitely better than the lunch buffet. My friend and I split the meat bhojan for two. (Delicious and far better than Roti Cuisine - though rotis shouldn't really be compared with real restaurant style food). 
We added a bottle of wine and stuffed ourselves silly. The tandoori chicken hit all the right notes - I could taste the hint of lime from the marinade. Perfection.
The bill wasn't bad. The meat bhojan was 38, the wine was probably another $30 - 40, and somehow our total was just over a hundred.We went here for dinner after work. 
Ambience-Liked the music in the background. It was relaxing and wasn't loud and annoying like some other restaurants I've been to.
Service-The service was attentive and friendly. It does take them some time to bring you the food so it's good to keep that in mind if you're really hungry.
Food. We ordered the following:
Naan bread
Butter Chicken
Chicken Tandoori-nice and hot as it was served on a sizzling hot place. Some parts got charred.
Basmatic rice
Lamb Gosht recommended by the host-I found a lot of the pieces to be dried. Perhaps the leg of lamb would have been better.
Verdict. I liked the butter chicken and chicken tandoori. I didn't try the naan but my dinner companions raved about it.
I did find it expensive for the three of us as there was nothing to spectacular about this place. I would probably skip this place in the future and go to Little India for lunch buffet instead.I've been to Mt Everest twice and I left quite happy both times. The service is excellent and the flavours memorable. I went with three other people and ordered the typical butter chicken, lamb vindaloo, garlic naan and a vegetarian dish with spinach, i forget the name. Normally, after eating Indian cuisine, I am usually ready for a nap. After eating here, I still felt quite alive...yet satisfied. There didn't appear to be a layer of oil on the top which I find with some other places. This, I know makes some of the flavour but at Mt Everest, it still tasted fantastic. Medium was the right amount of spice...a bit of a kick but not overwhelming. 
Also like most Indian places, it is always good to get a few different items and share. I will definitely be back soon.Good food and the best-looking waiters in Toronto. 
Gotta go there at least once a year.
The only Nepalese resto in town (used to be, haven't heard of any others opening) - so it's interesting to compare the flavours to some of the north Indian tastes in Little India.
Stay away from the stinky traditional Nepalese thing in the veggie combo - even some of the waiters say they can't stand the taste/smell - kinda like you imagine sweaty sneakers would taste. 
Overall, a really nice addition to the Annex when it opened.  Still a reliable place for a pleasant meal in a clean resto.
If you've never had Nepalese food, it is a bit of a must do.I had lived at Bloor and Spadina for many years and never tried the place, but finally got to last week... I absolutely love this place now. Like, seriously best Indian food ever!
The server was AWESOME. My girlfriend had never eaten indian food in her life and she was quite scared of the "spicy". I had made it my mission that the first Indian restaurant she tried would have to be the best if I wanted to make a convert of her- and I was only going to get one chance at it... thankfully the server picked up on that and made some suggestions and was very kind explaining to her the signature dishes there. We got the Butter Chicken and the Chicken Tikki Masala (the server said the chef LOVES to make the Tiki Masala) and shared the rice and naan. While the Butter Chicken was good, the Tikki Masala really did take the cake as just incredible.
Definitely going to go back there and try the buffet and very excited to know I'm in the delivery area.
Highly recommend this place! Didn't get to see the Sitar player on this trip, but would certainly be a great bonus to go on the night's they're playing there!After realizing Nepalese food is kind of like Indian food, but healthier, I was all in. Headed down for a date dinner before a show at the Bloor Theatre. I called ahead, but was told no reservation necessary, but by the end of the night all the good tables were full. 
The Sitar player is quite good, but loud. Watch where they seat you, he may just be on break and then when the party gets started up again, boy are you in for a ear-ful.  
I wanted to try the Nepalese specialties only. So, we ordered 2 naan and 2 dishes- the daal-like dish and the spinach dish. This was way more food than we could have eaten! But, considering we were headed to the theatre, didn't take any leftovers anyway.  But, price wise, the dinner for 2 is an amazing deal. If I ever go back, which is likely given our monthly Doc Soup at the Bloor, I'll go for that. As others  have said, the vegetarian dinner for 2 includes a beer per person, dessert, naan, rice, and 3 dishes! 
One highlight of the night was the Paneer Naan we picked out. It was like ghee-covered Inidan Pizza! Fresh out of the Tandoori oven, I could have finished off 3 of those alone!With the temperature reaching a seasonal low -25 last week, we decided it wisest to order lunch to the office. I combed the online delivery options available and developed a taste for Indian food. I thought a little spice would warm me up - I was starting to feel like Michael Keaton in the unanimously critically acclaimed film, Jack Frost (imdb rating: 5.0).
Based on the positive reviews here for Mt Everest, and being that I've never had Nepalese food before, I pushed to give it a try. We only ordered some garlic naan, plain rice, and two entrees:
1. Aloo Tama Bodi (potatoes, bamboo shoots, and black beans in mountain spices)
2. Malai Kofta (Cottage Cheese with vegetables in a cashew sauce)
The dishes were both tasty! I really enjoyed the Aloo Tama Bodi's flavour, and the Malai Kofta was also delicious.
Additionally, I was happy with the amount of Naan and rice we received in a single order. There was more than enough to cover both dishes. The ratio of bread or rice needed to cover a dish at Mt Everest is clearly 1:1.
Which brings me to why my review is only 2 star. The portions! First of all, the Malai Kofta only came with about 3 small cubes of cheese. Both dishes came in small, unfilled containers (sadly Instagram deleted our photo evidence) and compared to Indian portions elsewhere (and the price) we were disappointed. 
Flavour-wise, I actually would recommend. However, it's likely that in-restaurant portions would be more significant and provide better value, so I wouldn't advise getting takeout.I always love the food here.  The lunch buffet is the best, but dinner here is great too, clearly a little pricier though.  Even so, I go back to this place all the time when I am in the neighborhood.  I went again last night with some friends.  Only one friend was disappointed, he ordered the tandoori fish, he said it wasn't very tandoori and the portion was small.  (But it looked the best, arriving on a sizzling plate)  He was lamenting all of this after the meal.  Everyone else was well satisfied though.  One had the lamb and as another friend of mine did years ago, they both loved it.  One tried the first chicken option on the menu and he loved it too.  I had the okra dish, it was so tasty.  
The service was fast, polite and efficient.We waited for-ever.  Accompanied by a Nepalese friend we were here to try the Nepalese section of a mostly Indian focused menu.  
The Choyela chicken appetizer was fantastic; nice to try a different spice flavor than the usual Indian spices we're now accustomed to.  Khasi Ko Maasu goat was the Nepalese non-vegetarian entree I went with.  The menu de-emphasizes meat and lists it second; how dare they.With as imposing a name as Mount Everest, you might think that this Nepalese restaurant would be a place of epic food proportions. But instead of table-sagging selections of meat, rice, and heavy sauce, we left here after dining feeling full but not overwhelmed by the experience. It's a good place to come for creative and well-crafted North Indian food that will not leave a mark or make too heavy of an impression.  
The dishes we ordered included a delicious portion of Aloo Tama Bodi ("Potatoes, bamboo shoots, and black-eyed beans cooked with mountain spices.") and a vegetarian tasting menu for two. The naan was excellent, as other reviewers have mentioned. The service was efficient, friendly, and elegant. The wine was an Argentinian Pinot Noir from Patagonia, pleasantly different from the norm. It fit well the food that was familiar but with a slight variation in presentation, spice, and flavor that made things interesting without being too intense.
I kind of liked the balance here. Nothing was overdone. Everything was savory and satisfying. It made for a very pleasant meal. And that's something to celebrate.I love this place, especially since it's about a thousand times better than the dreadful Everest Resto on Queen West. They are not affiliated in any way but people still confuse the two because of the name. ANYhow -this place actually offers REAL service and food that tastes amazing - what a concept!  The naan bread is perfectly fresh and everything we ordered was delicious. I can't believe this was the first place I've tried Baingan Bharta (Eggplant Curry) ...definitely going back for more next time.
The waitstaff are all friendly and make you feel relaxed. They even seem happy to work here, which is pretty cool. Oh - and the bathrooms are sparkling clean. Not that it's the first thing on your list but I'm just saying...Exprience gniale. Le Npalais c'est trs bon. On peut choisir son niveau de piment, no / small / medium / hot / very hot. Service amical et attentif. Offre le doggy bag en partant.Delish. 
Limiting my meat intake has brought me to fully appreciate a place that does meat justice. And justice Mt. Everest does.
I've sampled a few items here and there on the menu, but I feel like it's hard to go wrong. Tikka masala tends to be a crowd pleaser, and I'd recommend the appetizer plate if you want to sample. Don't both with rice or dessert, though you may want naan to compensate for the spice. And again, although I try to be veg most times, I would say abandon any such intentions here and embrace the perfect succulence that is their meat dishes. 
Not a five though because it's a bit pricey yet fails to pull off the classy act (though it does try. E for effort?). Servers also tend to be a bit rude, which I can only ignore when prices are low enough to make me feel like I'm getting away with something.
Nevertheless, I will likely be back again when I am craving meat that is cooked as it should be.Id advise going on a weekday if you plan on going for dinner.
On weekends, even with a reservation we waited 20 minutes for a table for 2. we then sat at that table for 10 minutes before even getting a glass of water.
the food overall was quite good, from the apps to the mains, this would be a 4 star experience. 
but the service was brutal by being both unattentive and slow. honestly when the glasses on the table are empty, I expect someone to be taking my next drink order asap. 
So because the service is 2/5 and the food is 4/5 I'll give this a 3/5 overall.Nice north Indian food, good service, pleasant ambience.  I haven't tried the Nepalese menu items yet.  Their lunch buffet is very good value if you like straight-ahead north Indian.This is an incredible restaurant for a delicious date.  The vibrant and subtle sauces, spices and flavors take you on a journey beyond the senses.  Especially if you're a student who eats elsewhere normally, the dinner for two special at about $30 is remarkably filling and memorable.  High rating but it is not an expensive place for power suits or celebrities - although you can feel like one if you dress like it.Went to this place with my wife last Friday based on all the positive reviews that I read on Yelp. I have to agree with most Yelpers, this is definitely a gem of a place.
My wife had the Matar Paneer and I had one of the chicken dishes. Both of them were  very delicious and well prepared.
I'm only giving this place a 4 because we had to wait a few extra minutes for the waiter to get our orders. Otherwise I would have given this place a solid 5.I would like to make known that I was actually contacted by the owners because of my experience here. They are extremely professional, and I highly respect the way they choose to conduct their business. In the future, I will definitely choose to dine here again.I was desperately in need of mexican food one day at lunch or else I was going to rip someone's face off... it was just one of those days and luckily I drove by this place.
Definitely 5 stars for Maria, who I gather owns this place, as she was really nice and inviting. I needed to get my food to go, which wasn't a problem and I ordered a carne asade burrito which came with a side of beans and rice - oh I also got a bag of chips and salsa too! That was a plus, especially since I wasn't expecting it.
When I finally got to sit down and eat my food it totally appeased the burrito beast inside me. There was a lot of food and the rice was delicious too. I think I spent around ten bucks...not too bad. Also, just a note - they only accept cards with a $15 minimum so if you plan to spend less than that, bring cash!This is a locally owned mexican restaurant that definitely has some good dishes and salsa.  However in these times I think that you need to excell on each level.  A restaurant can't rely soley on the food.
Located on the northern side of Bell Road in a newer strip mall the outside looks very inviting.  As you walk in the decor is neatly situated and the atmosphere gets you excited for some possible good mexican food.  After your initial look around when walking in a little confusion may settle in. No one will greet you at the door and you wonder if you should wait to be sat or just seat yourself.  With more observation you'll notice a sign far away from the front door saying "Please seat yourself."  
So you look for a clean cozy table and seat yourself, which is not a big deal at all.  Next you have to wait for someone to give you a menu to see what they actually serve.  You would think that menus would arrive very shortly, but I found out that on two occasions it took upwards to five minutes for them to arrive.  I am an understanding person , I can see the place is busy,and I love mexican food so I patiently wait with a smile.
I could go and on about how long it took for my experiences here.  What I found out on two lunch visits that the owners are the servers as well.  No problem at all with this if you are good at what you do and are speedy.  However when each server has over a ten table section and can't get you in and out in a timely manner then it's time to hire some help.  Or maybe change your concept of the restaurant while having customers go to a window and order their food.
I'll remind you that the food is really good, but everything takes forever.  My recommendation is to try takeout.Maria was super nice and inviting. 5 stars for service and ambiance. This place was clean. The rest room was clean. 
The chips and salsa were excellent, hot and chunky salsa. 
Food: I had the two soft taco meal with rice and beans. I mixed the tacos one with Chicken and one with Beef. The beef was carne asada on two small corn shells. Topped with pico. The chicken was chopped into cubes and was "day old" at best. It was not fresh. Topped with pico.
The rice was good but I have had better, the beans were ok but really lacked flavor. 
The "lunch" was about 10 bucks and I felt cheated. Maybe I am not a Jalisco style fan?Yes, sometimes the service can be slow. If you are in a hurry, I'm sure that there is a taco shop somewhere close to you. If you are looking for THE BEST Mexican Food restaurant in Phoenix, El Conquistador is it. I cannot recommend this place enough to everyone I know. The old location used to be close to my house, but we still drive 15 miles out of our way to come here every week. The food is consistently outstanding. My favorite is the enchiladas verdes con pollo. Delicious!!!The only reason that I can even begin to imagine as to why reviewers say it's nothing special is because a) they were expecting the typical Mexican food. This is Halisco style food - not the same! Think of it as more of a gourmet style Mexican restaurant. And b) they ordered the chicken tacos. Admittedly, they sort of suck. I've been coming here with my family for years! After they moved across town to the new location, we followed.
Ambiance: It's a CUTE restaurant with an old town Mexican theme. Subdued lighting with eccentric and rich coloring.
Service: You are evil spawn if you don't like M&M. They work hard and are the loveliest people ever! They are friendly and remember you if you go there often enough. He looks angry but I swear he's super nice. She's so warm and welcoming and knows my order every time I go in.Thanks.
Food (and none of it is greasy!):
+ Pork chop/cube with green sauce: INCREDIBLE. OMYGOODNESS. They're soft. They're savory. They're moist. They couldn't be better. They make me want to sing my praises from the rooftops of Phoenix.
+ Chicken tacos: Skip them. They are kind of disappointing.
+ Chicken tortilla soup: AMAZING. Seriously. I have yet to find one that's better. It's spicyyy and will clear your sinuses! Mmm.
+ Refried beans: Fantastic. The best I've had, and believe me, I am well versed in Mexican food. If anyone knows beans, it's me.
+ Chips and salsa: The chips are freshly deep fried, so they're wonderful and crunchy. The salsa is great. One is chunky and mildly hot, while the other is super smooth and super hot. Both taste amazing.
And the best of all: their always-spotless utensils, plates, and tables make me endlessly happy. So clean :')Had to stop by Big5 for a sleeping bag and saw El Conquistador on the way out of the parking lot. Figured I'd stop in and have a quick bite and be on my way. 
When I walked in the door the first room was completely empty and there was a woman standing and staring at me. I turned to look at the sign and turned back around. She still said nothing. I asked if they were open and she said what did the sign say? I said it says open (but why the hell are you just staring at me like you are not). She finally says there is a large party coming in and to sit in the other room. I said sure. Both rooms are fairly small. The decor is pretty whack. Old office looking carpet and old booths. I'm a fan of tile in restaurants. Spilled food and drinks just don't come out of carpet and especially old office looking carpet. The tables are covered with that cheap vinyl red sticky covers that also never look or feel clean. The benches were old and had tears in them. There were 3 gentlemen in another booth and other than that the place was empty. 
We were brought menus and drinks fairly quickly but no salsa. Another couple came in and sat down after us and were given chips and salsa immediately. Our waitress came back and asked if were ready to order. Still no chips and salsa. About 15 minutes into our "quick" lunch we were finally given a small bowl of chips and a couple of salsa. The salsa was ok. Nothing special. Same for the chips. We placed our orders and in comes out in about another 10-15 minutes. 
I had the El Conquistador burrito. Its a pretty large burro filled with a chile relleno, steak picado, and guac. It was ok. Really nothing good or bad. For 7.50 I expect greatness in a burrito. The wife had a bean and cheese burro w/ enchilada sauce. They were very tight on the sauce and cheese. It was the overall theme of the place. Very tight. For extra chips and salsa it was 1.50 according to the menu. 
The waitress came by another 15-20 minutes later and asked how we were. I said we were ready to go now. She didn't take our plates and she didn't bring our bill. Another 5-10 minutes goes by and I finally get up and walk to the man at the front and ask him if could pay him directly. Our waitress, who's now talking on the phone, with our dirty plates still on our tables and check no where to be found even after I asked for it, makes a statement to the man that I am ready to go. No b, I was ready to go 20 minutes ago when I told you I was done. Now I'm ready for an apron cause I've been here long enough to get paid. 
From the conversations I heard the man and woman own the place. Good for them. I wont be back and don't recommend anyone else going back. I saw a newspaper article on the wall that AZcentral or New Times recommended it as a top 10 Mexican restaurant in town. Maybe it was good before they moved to this location. Maybe they lost some key staff members. Maybe they know something I don't. I doubt it.I'm giving El Conquistador 4 stars for the food but 1.5 stars for the service. I wanted to LOVE this place, I really did -- I know that it is a mom and pop place, and it has a fantastic review already on Yelp and in the AZ Republic. I thought I would be a cooler Phoenician if I could make this my new "my place." 
Perhaps we hit on an off night (just a random Saturday), but our service was horrible. I was taking my neighbor out for dinner, and her comment was that "we could have died back here and they wouldn't notice." We waited at least 5 minutes before anyone came over to give us menus or take a drink order. We alerted them that it was our first time in the establishment and asked for recommendations, which were given but wtih minimal enthusiasm. We tried giving "the eye" or "the nod" and stopped short only of getting up to refill our own drinks during the meal. 
On the plus side, the food was very good and I have been craving it since my initial visit! I had a combination plate that let me taste a yummy chili relleno, taco and enchilada -- all were fantastic. My neighbor got the special (seafood enchiladas) and raved about hers as well. 
I will definitely visit again, but if the service isn't any better then maybe I'll turn it into my new special "my takeout place."Going to have to knock this place down a peg for the bad service.  What most reviewers are saying is true; great food but slow and inconsistent service.
Maria is a doll but seems easily distracted. Her husband is surly and an incompetent bartender.  On two separate visits my wife and sister in-law ordered margaritas, in both instances the husband (not friendly enough to clue you in on his name) "forgot" to put the tequila in the drinks. In my four visits he seemed to hate being there.The food is great.  The green chile is my favorite (spicy).  The el conquistador tacos are very good too.  I hear that the Chile Relleno is awesome also. 
I normally don't like mexican food rice however this is the best I've had.  The beans are just OK (nobody beat Rito's beans).
The service is spotty depending on who it is.  Mark normally serves and is a little tight with the chips! (Even though u pay after the first bowl).  Maria, on the other hand, is a fantastic server and quick.
The prices are a bit steep for a family style mexican food restaurant.  I've left there sometimes wondering how the bill was so high.  But the food makes up for it and my family goes there at least once a month!So....You say you want authentico?? My family secret shhhh! This place is owned by a lady named Maria. We have dubbed this place just "Maria's" we have been going here for year's!! When the white folk's around me say let's go to Valley Luna I have to school them on what's real food. This food is pure Jalisco and it is what it is! If you want some good home style cookin' in this part of town I would stop in for a bite! You better believe that this place gets busy for dinner so plan accordingly or don't go at peak times for those who don't like crowds. This is a nice little place w a bar and tv's. My sibling's would live here if they could my sister swears by the green chili burro, not for the weak as it brings the heat. I don't eat meat so I get the norm cheese enchiladas, chile relleno, etc all super in my book. I will take pics soon in the meantime here is a recent write up about the place http://www.azcentral.com/ent/dining/articles/2008/03/20/20080320elconquistador.html
P.S. Closed Monday'sThe service was fine, and the atmosphere, while nothing special.
The food was not that great, it was not as i was expected from the reviews here i read on yelp.
sorry, i must had gone in at the wrong time. nothing more to say and very disappointed..will try again next month when i am in that area.Food was good, but $24 for lunch is a bit steep.  One burrito al a carte and a lunch special plus a beer and a soda..  
Service was great.  I'll go back and try something else around dinner time..What a lot of people don't understand about El Conquistador is that it is on par with the Soup Nazi from Seinfeld. You do not go there for ultra-friendly and speedy service, you simply be happy that you are seated at a table about to eat some of the best mexican food in the world...maybe second to Los Dos Molinos, but hey that's all the way down by South Mountain. Mark and Maria are wonderful people churning out some incredible food. My all time favorite is the El Conquistador burrito enchilada style. It's filled with steak picado, chile relleno and beans and smothered in yummy green sauce.Based on the review on azcentral.com we decided to check out El Conquistador.  We we entered the restaurant it was busy but booths were open.  Once we sat down we must have waited around 15 minutes until we received a menu and ask for our drink orders.  Once we ordered it took around 35 minutes for us to receive our appetizer.  And dinner followed shortly there after.  Not once during dinner did anyone ask us how our meal was or refill our drinks.  We had to eat our entire meal without a beverage.  We tried several times to get someone's attention but were unsuccessful.  We must have waited another 20 minutes to receive our bill.  
Our meal was adequate (chicken fajitas, kids quesa and a gringo combo platter).
The service was  poor and I would not go here if you are in a hurry.   Based on the reviews I expected more.  You would think after the reviews they would hire more help.  
I would not go back or recommend this restaurant to friends or family.
Maybe the owners should read others reviews about service.  It might help them out in the long run.sad to report lose to this area but CLOSED at this location now but expected to be open Wednesday at new location & 7th and ThunderbirdI would give this place 2.5 stars but I will round up to 3.
Very conflicted feelings.
I have gone here a few times when they were located on 32nd and Greenway. Every experience was a little different.
The good-
-Sometimes the service was good. Maybe it depends on their mood. When it was good it was usually the wife who was our server. She kind of reminded me of one my aunts. Warm, slightly teasing, calling us "bambinos". 
- I have always liked the food. I have had the chili relleno and enchiladas entrees. Both were a solid 7 out of 10. The beans are very tasty too.
The bad-
- When the service was bad it was usually the husband. Not friendly. Slow. Wouldn't refill our waters and soft drinks. Yet seemed attentive and talkative to other tables. Made us feel like total crap.
- Slightly overpriced.
- Charged for extra chips and salsa.
- My husband didn't like the food.
- Probably my worst experience was when I called at lunchtime to place a to go order. She said they couldn't take the order because they had a huge table of people. Just flat out refused. Guess what I wanted? Just a bean burrito! It takes 30 seconds to make.
I didn't miss them when they moved across town.I was new to Toronto when I visited Local 4 a few months ago.  They were on my radar of places to check out due to a reputation for craft beers and good food that I'd heard through a friend -- and, when they popped up as a Groupon, I jumped.  The menu and beerlist on their website really sealed the deal.
I invited a couple other friends who had never been to come along, one of whom is a picky eater (and, after looking at the site, was excited), the other of whom, like me, is always looking to try new beers.
So we get to Local 4...  and it's a huge let down.
The food was mediocre to bad.  
I had the bison spaghetti bolognese, which tasted as though they forgot to salt the water when cooking the noodles.  The sauce was ok, but there was precious little of it.  When I order a pasta dish at a restaurant and it's $14, I expect it to be something more than I can prep, at home, with little effort.  I wouldn't have been ashamed to serve it myself, but I certainly wouldn't have expected any particular compliments after the fact.
Steak & Frites went to one friend, who's experience was similar to others here:  steak was dry, tough, bad.
Other friend had the chicken cordon bleu -- she finished the chicken, which was decent (but again, nothing special), then left the potatoes and vegetables as unpalatable.  I was incredulous, so tried a few...  and she was right.
But the kicker was the beer list or, more appropriately, the lack of one.  They didn't have a single one of the craft beers we specifically came to try -- we ended up ordering some Blanche de Chambley (a personal fave, but not one I was hoping to "try"), then stuck with cocktails.  They didn't have MacAuslan (either apricot or stout), Black Oak, or Stonehammer (dark or light).  Are you kidding me?  You're touting your craft beers, and your selections are mostly imports, Sleemans, and a cider?  And what you do have are the most common, usual suspects: Mill St, Steamwhistle, and the like?  
We were bummed.  Add to this that the server had a rather uncaring attitude, was slow, and, when presenting the bill, just dumped it on the table.  Even forgot to factor in the Groupon, and seemed annoyed that I wanted him to adjust it.  (Now I feel like I'm ragging on the guy -- he seemed like a cool guy, just kind of out of his depth.)
In any case, I would hesitate giving a 1* rating to Local 4 if only because there's great potential there:  nice ambience, cool location, a menu that looks good on paper...  but they need to seriously re-evaluate what they're doing and their approach to food, drink, and service.
Judging by recent reviews, they're certainly not watching review sites for what people are saying, and that's too bad.I have a confession to make.
In the year leading up to my departure from Toronto, I spent FAR too many hours at this place.  I couldn't get enough of it.  In fact, I turned many of my friends on to it, and they're thankful for it.  
Excellent food (the burger and falafel are two standouts), excellent beer (Black Oak Pale Ale), and friendly service.  The owners are laid-back people, and it shows in the kind of place they run.  Stop by on a Monday and enjoy their pint special.  Tell Theo that Nick says hello from California.Lovely yoga studio close to Dillworth! When I moved to Charlotte I was looking for a new yoga studio to try and heard about this place. It really isn't like any yoga studio I was used to going to. The atmosphere is incredibly peaceful. Upon walking in I was greeted warmly and welcomed into the studio. While I filled out a little bit of paperwork I noticed that everyone who walked in was greeted warmly and by name. That alone was something I wanted to be a part of. After the paperwork They made sure I knew where I was going, where I could put my belongings and also what to expect in the class. 
I had never practiced traditional hot yoga before. It was an excellent class,  lead be Lee. I never once felt out of place, or that it was a competition (something I have often felt at other studios, especially here in Charlotte). 
There are showers, lockers, cubbies, and even a meditation room! Really enjoyable overall and somewhere I would recommend to others.I crossfit and sometimes I get sore muscles. I decided to attend a Hot Yoga class to stretch out my sore muscles.  I have no experience with a yoga as a side note.  I was a bit tardy, but jumped right in anyway.  The instructors directions were easy to follow and there was reasonable space in the room. The facility is clean and non intimidating.  The room was blazin (hence "HotYoga) so I was drenched.  My thigh muscles evened out very well during the session, and I discovered my shoulders are a bit tight. I was able to work on that as well. All in all, I was pleased with the facility and the class.  This was a great experience. I would recommend the novice or beginner use this facility. I will definitely return on a weekly basis.  My muscles feel absolutely great.I love this yoga studio! When trying to get my boyfriend into yoga, I brought him here to start out. The instructors were so helpful and now he's an avid yogi! I've tried other hot yoga studios in Charlotte and this one is hands down the best!I've been practicing hot yoga for over a year, and I am currently on a Bikram kick.  So, Yoga Oasis is great for me.  I think two other Charlotte-area studios have Bikram-inspired classes, but Yoga Oasis has the best and most true-to-form Bikram classes in our area.  If you are into Vinyasa this studio is not for you.
Obviously the studio is hot -- that is an integral part of the practice, so if you are going to complain about the heat you need to go to a non-hot class at another studio.  The "fire" and "water" classes are not as hot as the traditional classes, so if you are a beginner you may want to start there.  The heat is part of the challenge and can be tough even for those who have been doing Bikram for years, so give yourself some slack until you get used to it.  (Your body WILL get used to it!)
The instructors are great -- extremely friendly and willing to spend time with you to get your technique right.  A few are too chatty in class for me -- I appreciate reminders and pointers ("chin up", "curl tailbone forward", etc.) but I think some of the instructors get talking and forget how long we have been holding the postures.  I don't like moving too quickly, but I do get impatient when I know that the chattiness is going to lead to the class going over the time period.  Most of the instructors are sensitive about the length of the class but some are not -- it is not unusual to be 10-15 minutes over.  This drives me a little crazy since I am always on a tight schedule. I wouldn't say that the instructors are motivating... but they do notice when you are giving 100%.   Many of the instructors make an effort to get to know you by name and are always happy to see you.
The studio is clean.  The hot yoga room is large and mirrored with carpet.  The carpet is kind of gross but as long as you are on your mat it doesn't matter.  There is no music during class, and no talking in the yoga room.  This is different from many of the other studios around town.  The atmosphere is very relaxing and introspective.  The yogis that attend class are serious about Bikram and are generally very nice.  There is one large lady who is always naked in the shower/changing room -- and will stand there completely naked forever and talk to whomever is in the room.  The shower/changing room is pretty crowded so it is very awkward.  I am glad that she is comfortable with her naked body but I am not.  #gross
Anyway, the yogis are generally not pretentious and not the "Myers Park stay at home mom" crowd that you'll find at other studios.  These are lifelong serious yogis and I love that about this place.  The students are very diverse - men, women, all ages, all races, all body types.  And, all are at different levels of their practice.  It's refreshing.
Another major plus about Yoga Oasis is the price -- $75 for 10 classes ($60 if you are a first-time student).  This is cheaper than many of the "good karma" deals at other studios!  It is seriously worth every penny and then some.
All in all, this is a great studio and I will keep coming back.  I am only giving 4 stars because of the limited class schedule and the frequency that the class goes over the sixty or ninety minute period.  Oh, and the carpet.  Other that those things, this place is perfect!Still searching....I really tried to love this place during a 10 class package.  The best shape (physically and spiritually) that I have ever been in was when I practiced Bikram yoga very regularly in CA; and I would LOVE to do it again.  This is evidently the only place in Charlotte that actually does something like a Bikram sequence (most of the classes I attended at Yoga Oasis were a 60 minute variance with some poses I did not like called water sequence).  The instructors were average (no personal attention or verbal tips on the poses); but very nice.  Since there is no other non-vinyasa practices here (like Bikram) that are not based around shoulder based Vinyasa flows (i.e., down-dog and handstands), I would have probably stuck with this studio but I just can NOT get away from the mildew/fungal smell that pervades the practice space.  I REALLY tried to get past it; but it is just too distracting and disturbing - did not leave me feeling healthier.
If the owners or managers ever choose to replace the carpet with a more normal yoga floor I will be back.  And if anyone is aware of another instructor or studio who does a true bikram hot yoga sequence (the same 26 poses over 90 minutes) in the area please let me know!I travel all over and this is a great studio!  Largest room I have ever been in for Bikram, changing and other facilities are awesome.  Little light on the accessory rental options like mats and towels which makes it tough for travellers.  The owner and 2 other instructors I have had there are great, demoing poses and talking in detail about others.  If you want a Bikram experience in CLT then this is a good studio and I couldn't find any other true Bikram options.I've attended a couple of bikram classes here with the recommendation of a friend that has been attending for over 2 years now.
Everyone here is SUPER friendly and laid back and relaxed.  I like how the instructors know that everyone is at different levels and the instruction in the classes are super detailed (no matter how many different levels of experienced people are in attendance).
Now, I'm not bikram expert... but I've definitely enjoyed the experiences here and also the challenge of the heated room.  I tend to get to class early so I can stake a spot (not underneath a heater) so I don't get too woozy during class, but the heat does really help with stretching and loosening of muscles.  Last class I grossed myself out a bit since there was a pool of my own sweat on my mat (I need to get a bigger towel).
I've also attended a non-bikram class here and it was good.  Though I am not a fan of the "downward dog" pose.... it's good to know this studio offers more than bikram because I can understand why bikram is not for everyone.
I can't speak for the ladies changing area, but the guys area has 2 showers and cubbies to place your stuff in.  The studio is kept super clean, though a little tight in some areas - it's a good size.I visited The Yoga Oasis (TYO) for the first time in at least 7 years today. I used to live in Madison Park (totally miss it, btw), so TYO was super close back then. Also, I knew someone who taught there. I live in another part of town now, and I took a very long break from yoga in general. I was annoyed by the offerings in Charlotte and found that yoga wasn't the best thing for my body during that time. I recently decided to try yoga again. After a poor experience last weekend at another studio, I decided to return to Old Faithful.
I am so glad I went back. I did the Yin Yoga class with Elaine, whom I remember from back in the day. It was wonderful and relaxing--yet challenging--so I was definitely not bored. I knew it was time to limber up because I had been experiencing lower back tightness and foot pain. This deep, long stretch class was just the thing I needed. I left feeling supremely calm and my body soothed. I'm going to make weekend classes (and maybe some weekday evening ones) a habit. I'm willing to drive out of my way a bit for the relaxing atmosphere, challenging classes, great prices, and quality instruction.I have been going to The Yoga Oasis for about 6 months now. It wouldn't be fair for me to NOT write a review and keep going. I love this place so much! Lee Elaine and Tony are all amazing. They fully explain what each posture is doing for your body. You can take Yoga anywhere, but the atmosphere is what really draws me to this place. Everyone is super friendly, the smell of incense and/or candles welcome you in . The dressing rooms are super cute with  cubby's to keep your belongings. I love that there is no contract and you can purchase packages as you go. I tried to "cheat" on Yoga Oasis by stopping in another studio (I'll leave them nameless). I didn't get the same treatment and the atmosphere was completely different, I quickly ran back to The Yoga Oasis. My favorite classes are Hot Yoga, Yin and Deep Stretch. Qi Quong was amazing also, but only offered in the Fall. I hope to attend on a more frequent basis in 2016. 
Namaste!I took the Hot Detox Flow class, which was neither hot nor detoxifying. I'm not sure this type of class should even be called yoga, perhaps yoga-inspired aerobics is more appropriate. The teacher practiced the entire time at the front of the room (it can't be a good idea to teach a room full of beginners tripod headstand while doing it yourself and not paying attention to any of the students). And references to breath or breathing were a bare minimum while an alt-rock, folk, soft pop playlist hummed in the background. On the positive side, the sequencing was good and it was a decent workout.This is for their yin yoga class. No experience with their hot yoga.
I was originally a hardcore hot yogi, but I've been branching out and coming to appreciate other types of yoga, particularly yin. I really wanted to love this place because they offered so many yin classes.
 When I first joined, the teacher checked me in, overcharged me and had no idea how to work the computer.  She also didn't tell me anything about where the studio was or any logistics.  Not a big deal, but front table staff/volunteers may be something to consider.
You know when you go to yoga class with a good teacher-he/she gets you in the right headspace, explains the poses well, and helps set the tone....this was not that.  I could have done it at home and probably gotten more out of it.  I mean she got you in the pose, but didn't tell you how to modify or how/when to use props.  there were a few positions where several people were obviously struggling and still there was no ideas or tips for modifying the poses.  As far as the meditative aspects, she didn't contribute a whole lot besides "focus on the breath".  I'm sorry, but I like a yin yoga class with props, modifications, and readings from the Bhagavad Gita/sutras/poetry, exploring a theme, nice yogaisms being said, etc.  Like why even have a teacher in the room if they don't contribute anything beyond "sit with your legs in front of you and fold over".  There wasn't even any talk about finding your edge!
You may try their yin class and like it....until you go try yin somewhere else and see what you're missing out on.  The room was a great space as far as lighting and openness.  Think they have carpet though which makes me cringe thinking about the microbes and sweat in those fibers.Very good studio if you are looking for bikram or yin! The instructors are all bikram certified. I haven't found another in charlotte that is! Elaine is wonderful and she really guides you if you are new to yoga as my daughter and i are. The only con is the hours could be a better, not very extensive class schedule. Thats why i gave them 4 stars. But i have taken a few classes there and have to say i really like it.Namaste!!  I love this place!  Great classes, great instructors yes!  Bikram has always been my favorite yoga style but this is bikram PLUS!  I have only taken the hot yoga classes so maybe I'm bias but that's all i need :-).  Lee is an amazing teacher who gives clear direction and assists with adjustments and even offers feedback which I love. This is a great environment for first time yogis and experienced ones.  The owners trained in NYC with yoga to thePeople which is an amazing place where you find a similar no judgement atmosphere which is great and the classes in my experience aren't super packed which is great too.
They have a changing area with showers which is great and well maintained.
I do hope they offer a teacher training soon as this would be the perfect place for me to deepen my practiceI am relatively new to yoga, so I cannot comment on the Birkam yoga  specifically.  But what I can tell you is that the two long deep stretch classes I took have been great.  The instructors, who also run the front desk are very welcoming and friendly.  On my first visit I was given a brief tour and felt very comfortable - the instructor did this even though she was running the front desk.  Very nice and my hips were very loose afterwards!I have been practicing there there for 12 years!!! Love the class offerings and the teachers!I've tried several yoga studios in the Charlotte area, and Yoga Oasis is my favorite of them all. They offer both heated and non-heated classes, and the instructors are extremely helpful and they "get it". The environment isn't competitive, and I have always felt comfortable, even as a novice. The studio is clean, including the changing rooms, and showers are available. Lee, the owner, is amazing and is genuinely passionate about helping everyone reach their goals and improve their overall health. Give it a try!namaste... 
from what i understand, in order to teach bikram that's all you can teach...   in order to provide many different classes such as vinyasa, detox flow, yin, and various seasonal yoga classes...  this studio could not specifically call themselves a charlotte bikram studio... i may be wrong though... 
those instructors including the owner that teach the bikram style are in fact bikram certified... a bikram certified teacher teaches bikram and cannot say they teach bikram unless they are certified... so says bikram...   
this review is for those that want to explore bikram with the ability to expand their practice into a more fluid and graceful practice...  bikram was my thing when i started off in 2005... as i dedicated more time to my practice i turned more toward vinyasa and a more fluid approach... the yoga oasis provided for this foundation... 
the other classes mentioned above and the instructors that teach these classes are top notch... there is no pressure for perfect poses... yoga practice rather than yoga perfect is the 'mat' standard... there are always options provided for each asana and flow sequence depending on where you are in your practice... instructors will break down sequences... are always available after class for questions, comments, and feedback... always open for suggestions... 
this yoga studio is friendly... interested in your well being...  and always clean... 
the best in charlotte...This studio is better overall compared to other Bikrams I've experienced in VA, PA and Boston.  The teachers are about average compared to other Bikram teachers.  The lounge area is too small for more than 5 people to congregate/socialize.  
As with most Bikram studios, the heat is very inconsistent and very uncomfortable on many occasions.  This studio applies heat by forced draft.  There were many times when the air was so dry that the sweat dried immediately to my skin.  
The instructors are kind for the most part (aside from getting berated for drinking too much water in the "front row"), but are not very motivational.  
And as with most Bikram studios, you are not free to adjust the pose as you deem fit.  There is the Bikram way and no other way.  Compared to other yoga studios in Charlotte, this studio would receive 2 stars.I took at hot yoga class at the Yoga Oasis this morning. I really liked the location, the room had high ceilings, and the space was very open. I felt very welcome and had good vibes going into the class. 
I really only have two complaints: 1) the room had carpet... people sweat a LOT in hot yoga, so it grossed me out knowing the carpet had sopped up sweat from countless yogis, I hope they shampoo it regularly & 2) the hot yoga class wasn't super challenging, we did a lot of standing and back bends -while there were several poses I couldn't complete because my hamstrings are so tight, I didn't feel like I got a true workout in. 
I'm going to return soon and try a more challenging class in hopes that I get both a good strech and a great workout at the same time. I would highly recommend the 26&2 hot yoga class for anyone new to the hot yoga experience, just make sure you bring a towel and lots of water!This is the spot in the Queen City for hot yoga.  I'm generally not a fan of hot yoga because I believe heat should be gained internally by breath throughout your practice. Not forced. However, I feel the instructors here are very well educated on heat and what the body can take and cater their sequences accordingly. All levels friendly and the rates are as good as it gets. No heat headaches for me from here. You come out feeling greatly detoxed.I finally made the decision to try Yoga after the wife kept saying you need to try it try it just once. Well she was right again, it was fantastic.  Staff was very professional and curious, taking us aside and giving us a brief overview an what to expect. I did the hot yoga and it was amazing. I am no where near an expert but really like the pace. I was sweating in a good way from everywhere. Places I had no idea can sweat. 
The instructor was exceptional as she was able to help and connect with everyone in the room. The session seemed like I was the only one in the class. I cannot say enough about the staff and class, as you need to try it just once and you will be hooked. Arrived early to get a good place on the floor.This is the Charlotte version of Bikram Yoga.  For those hardcore Bikramites you will be a bit disappointed.  However as a fellow traveler it is nice to find a Bikram.  The class is a bit chatty and more emphasis is placed on form than function.  The heat is a bit uneven and around 105 on a good day.  The teachers are great, though you have to remember you are in Charlotte where no one wants a military commander barking commands.  
But over all the place is a nice getaway from a long day.  The place is clean and well decorated. There is always a perfect amount of incense in the air and everyone is sincerely glad you are there.  
The bathrooms and showers are clean and well kept.  Changing area is a bit small but workable.
This is not your mother's Bikram Yoga.  They offer many different types of non-BK yoga.  Being in the south it seems they enjoy a more laid back approach.
I give it a solid four stars. Add a 600am Bikram class and it will be a solid 5 star.The Yoga Oasis is AMAZING! This studio offers hot yoga at great prices ($8 for drop in classes). I pass by several yoga studios on my drive to the Yoga Oasis. This place is worth it! 
The studio has kind instructors and offers a nonjudgmental atmosphere. If you're intimidated by the thought of practicing hot yoga, don't be! This is the place to try. Hot yoga has changed me both emotionally and physically. I have the Yoga Oasis to thank for this!Pallucci is a quaint Italian restaurant located in the Mount Pleasant/Davisville area.  If you weren't a local, you probably wouldn't know it was here.  The decor is simple but modern and the servers are all very friendly.  The main colours of the restaurant are blue and red and the lighting creates a great ambiance, with lit candles lining the rear wall.  Upstairs houses 2 of its private dining areas which accommodate groups of 20-50 guests.     There is plenty of free street parking nearby - just one of the perks of being away from restaurants in the downtown core.
The menu has a good selection of Italian dishes.  I did fell however, that the entres list was a bit small - especially if you weren't really up for pizza or pasta.
The house wine was courtesy of House Wine Co. featuring both the Red House (a blend of Shiraz and Cabarnet) and the White House (a blend of Riesling and Pinot Grigio).  These are both wines from the Niagara region, and I highly recommend them.  The server was even kind enough to bring over the bottle so we knew what it looked like before we head to the LCBO.  Wine purists may be scoffing at me, but I like hybrids!
The starter bread basket was warm, and probably one of the better breads I've had in Toronto.  For starters, it was warm.  It got a sprinkling of salted herbs and a dousing of balsamic vinegar.  It was hard not to devour the entire thing.  The bread was perfectly crusty as if it were fresh out of the oven.
We opted to share a Spinach Salad ($10) which was tossed with a halved egg, cherry tomatoes, red onion and shaved Parmesan cheese.  I found the leaves to have been awkwardly big, and the salad itself was pretty bland.  The saving grace were the freshly toasted walnuts.
For mains I opted for the meat special, a Peppercorn Striploin served with a generous portion of sweet potato fries (which I substituted in place of regular fries).  I loved that Chef Neil Siomra placed the steak on top of the bed of fries as the jus just trickled down and gave the fries great flavour.  The steak was cooked to my requested medium-rare, but unfortunately a bit lacking in the seasoning department.  The meat itself had no real flavour and relied heavily on the peppercorn sauce to spruce it up.  The sweet potato fries were absolutely divine, not too oily, and thin-cut just the way I like them.  I'd come here just to have these again.
My dining companion opted for the pasta special which was a Snow Crab Ravioli topped with grilled shrimp. The tomato sauce was very fresh.  I would've preferred if the ravioli were cooked just a tad more.  The crab was virtually absent or drowned out by the rich cheese filling as I couldn't discern any of the lumpy meat while eating this dish.
To finish off the evening we opted to share the Raspberry & Chocolate Tartufo ($7).  While it took awhile for the actual dessert to show up, it was well worth the wait.   The thin shell had a great texture to it - it reminded me of an Italian mochi with its slightly elastic exterior that was lightly dusted with cocoa powder.  The interior filling was dense and rich, with a raspberry centre.
